Department of Biochemistry


About the Department

The Department of Biochemistry was established in the year 1993. It offers B.Sc. Biochemistry and M.Sc. The Department has qualified and experienced faculty who strive to teach, train and guide the students to shine in their studies and careers. Biochemistry is a branch of science that deals with the structure, composition and reactions of biomolecules occurring inside the living system. The Programs offer great opportunity to understand the bio-molecules, molecular reactions and its functions. 

Scope of Biochemistry

Since the Programs are the combination of life science and medical science, they provide great scope in Cell biology, Nutritional Biochemistry, Biotechnology, Molecular Biology, Physiology, Immunology, and Clinical Biochemistry etc.


Vision

To achieve Academic brilliance by imparting in-depth knowledge about Biochemistry to the Students, help them to develop new path breaking research to make healthy Society and to prepare them to the ever-changing Industrial demand.


Mission

The Department of Biochemistry functioning with the Mission

To provide Quality Education to the Students with State-of-the-Art Laboratory and Hands-on Learning Methods to achieve eminence in their Study and Research.

To create the best environment that helps the Students and the Faculty to focus and enhance their study, career and problems solving skills.

To educate the students to realize their professional and Ethical Responsibilities in the society.

Courses Offered 

Msc. Biochemistry

Duration
2 years (Full Time)

Course Level
PG Degree

Sanctioned Intake
20

Total Tuition Fees
INR 1.20 Lakh

Campus 
SRM Kattankulathur


Department of Sociology

About the Department

The department has taken a skill-based approach to training students in analytical inquiry, intellectual and professional competencies, research skills, and capacities to deal with a variety of development aspects and social issues that affect communities without compromising society’s ethics, values and social justice. 


Scope of Social Works

The training pedagogy used to teach the students is a participatory learning method that will aid in bringing out their hidden potentials and applying skills for their professional development and advancement. The department has renowned faculty members who are consistent and committed to delivering their full potential to exhibit the talents of the students for their professional development.


Vision

Building social work professionals towards establishing a more egalitarian, equitable, and inclusive society.

Mission
• Enabling social work professionals to be an agent of social change.

• Equipping social work professionals with relevant employability skills to optimize their quality of life.

• Establishing dynamic and culturally competent social work professionals to understand and address social problems strategically at micro and macro levels.


Campus
Kattankulathur (KTR)

Sanctioned Intake
30

Annual Fees
INR 50,000

Duration
2 Years



