college name: Srm college of agriculture and science



SRMIST in support of the Government’s initiative towards doubling farmers income has set up this College of Agricultural and Horticulture Sciences

Undergraduate programme B.Sc. (Hons) Horticulture was introduced from 2018-19 academic year and B.Sc. (Hons) Agriculture is added from 2019-20. More UG, PG and Diploma programmes in other fields of agricultural sciences will be initiated in a phased manner.

The College of Agricultural Sciences (SRM-CAS) being established near Acharapakkam will be serving as a futuristic institution for higher education, research and extension in agriculture and allied sciences integrating Ecology, Food, Nutrition and Health.

SRM-CAS will strive to promote agriculture with healthy food production and healthy lives.


More about:


SRM-COLLEGE OF AGRICULTURAL SCIENCES comes under the umbrella of its parent institution, SRM Institute of Science and Technology. The UG programme B.Sc., (Hons) Horticulture was started from the academic year 2018-19 and B.Sc., (Hons) Agriculture was introduced from 2019-20. A new campus has been established in Vendhar Nagar, Baburayanpettai near Acharapakkam in about 187 acres of land and started functioning from March 2021. The total strength of students on the campus is 823, including 635 in Agriculture and 188 in Horticulture.

SRM-CAS provides the perfect learning environment with the main aim to educate and groom students into trained professional managers in the field of Agriculture and Horticulture. Several infrastructure facilities have been created towards Agricultural education. Adequate numbers of spacious classrooms with LCD Projectors & WiFi network, excellent computer facilities and departmental laboratories have been created in the SRM-College of Agricultural Sciences. Students can access high-speed internet connection at any time, no-matter wherever they are in the campus. Apart from this the institute has a good playground to encourage students to take part in sports, games and yoga activities. Fully equipped library with all latest subject related books and a main library with more than one lakh books. Conference hall with video conferencing facilities and audio – video (AV) laboratory to train students in spoken English and various skills essential for communication like listening, reading, speaking and writing through computer assisted language learning software. Students are also trained in various agriculture related software’s such as QGIS, GrassGIS, ILWIS, Map Window for applying the geographical information systems (GIS) in Agriculture.

A team of eminent qualified Ph.D. Degree holders, well qualified, experienced and dedicated, research minded, dynamic and committed Faculty and academic staff members in the relevant branches of Agriculture and Horticulture are available at SRM-CAS and this is the backbone for the institute. The college has excellent Faculty Student ratio.



Agriculture @ SRM - CAS

    Students Welfare Centre is established in the campus to guide students to get exposed towards skill oriented programmes. 
    Preliminary coaching will be given for various government examinations like UPSC, TNPSC, SSC, CDS and Banking. Besides, Memorandum of Understandings (MoUs) is being signed with MNCs to facilitate campus placement.
    SRM institute of science of Technology is having national recognition of A++ Grade given by NAAC. Among the deemed University, SRMIST is the only A++ Grade University to offer B.Sc., (Hons.) Agriculture and B.Sc., (Hons.) Horticulture in Tamil Nadu.
    Students are divided into 4 batches (maximum 70 students per batch) for theory classes and 7 batches (maximum 35 students per batch) for practical classes. This helps to concentrate on individual students.
    Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) is signed with international Universities to facilitate the semester abroad programme and collaboration in Agricultural education and research. The semester abroad programmes are the perfect way for students to balance their desire for international exploration with their commitment to making the most of campus life.
    SRM-CAS is the first Agricultural Institution in the Country to create a separate discipline “Agroecology


    
Salient Features

    Hi-tech Agriculture and Horticulture
    Precision Farming
    Micro-irrigation
    Remote sensing / GIS in Agriculture
    Sensor based Farming
    Urban Horticulture and Landscape Architecture
    Farm Mechanization
    Food Processing and Value Addition
    Agripreneurship Development
    Environmental Management
    Agroecology and Climate Smart Agriculture
    Organic Agriculture
    World Class Infrastructure Facilities
    Digital Modern Campus
    Well Qualified Professors



Amenities in the Campus

SRM College of Agricultural Sciences at Vendhar nagar, Baburayanpettai, Chengalpattu district is a residential Institute and provides on-campus accommodation to all students, faculty and staff. The institute has separate hostels of world class for Girls and Boys with boarding facilities and internet connectivity. The hostel rooms are furnished with a cot, a chair and a writing table and the hostels are provided with exclusive dining facility. The food menu in the hostel is decided by an elected student body. A reading room, recreation hall, indoor sports facility, dispensary, washing machine at each floor, CCTV for safety, RO water purifier is also available in the hostel. The campus has shopping centres catering to the needs of the Students, Faculty and Staff. The shopping centre in the hostel zone hosts a Xerox shop, a stationery shop, and a bookstore. Separate outlet is available to sell farm products to inmates and outsiders. All residences offer personal and academic support to help student adjust to living away from home.

dean: image link:https://d23qowwaqkh3fj.cloudfront.net/wp-content/uploads/2022/06/Dr.-Jawaharlal-M.jpg

Dr. M. Jawaharlal

P: +91 – 44 22741 7550
E: dean.agri@srmist.edu.in
Dean's Welcome Message

The overall mission of the College of Agricultural and Horticultural Sciences is to provide knowledge and support for teaching, conducting research and capacity-building on the principles and practices for climate-smart, sustainable agriculture to produce healthy food with higher factor productivity and livelihood security. It is with a sense of commitment that our Founder & Chancellor Dr. T R Paarivedhar has personally seen to it that we empower and benefit farm community and food sector at large through extension research, pedagogy that engages students and researchers with on-field experience and lab facilities par excellence to generate pathbreaking interventions.


department in Agriculture and science college:

Departments
Department of Fruit science(Horticulture)
Department of Vegetable Science(Horticulture)
Department of Floriculture and Landscaping(Horticulture)
Department of Spice and Plantation crops(Horticulture)
Department of Post Harvest and Technology(Horticulture)
Urban Horticultural Farm(Horticulture)
Department of Natural Resource Management(Agriculture)
Department of Crop Management(Agriculture)
Department of Crop Protection(Agriculture)
Department of Crop Improvement(Agriculture)
Department of Social Sciences(Agriculture)
Department of Basic Science and Humanity


Programs Offered:

The programme is well structured as it emphasizes on sound foundation of basic concepts in Agriculture and Horticulture. The curricula and syllabi for the two UG programmes have been formulated based on the guidelines of the Fifth Dean’s Committee Report (2017) of Indian Council of Agricultural Research. The entire B.Sc. (Hons.) Programme of study will consist of career streams distributed over eight semesters with two semesters per year viz., Compulsory Core; Supportive Course, Allied; Extension Activity; Supplementary Course; Student READY and Elective course. Field demonstrations and practical’s are conducted in the central farm of SRM-CAS. In addition the institute encourages students exchange programmes within India and abroad through semester abroad programme. To Study rural situation, institutions, organizations, beliefs and value system, cropping pattern, communication pattern, extent of adoption of latest technologies and constrains, students of Agriculture and Horticulture would be placed in a village for 60 days. To understand the organizational structure of State of Department of Agriculture/Horticulture, students will be attached with ADA/ADH office. In addition to this, Industrial attachment is also done to understand various industries related to Agriculture and Horticulture.



Future focus
Agroecology

Agroecology is an integrated approach that simultaneously applies ecological and social concepts and principles to the design and management of food and agricultural systems. It seeks to optimize the interactions between plants, animals, humans and the environment while taking into consideration the social aspects that need to be addressed for a sustainable and fair food system. More recently, agroecology has entered the discourse of international and UN institutions. Realizing the importance of the subject SRMIST has included agroecology in the curriculum of the UG programmes in Agriculture and Horticulture. A new course “Introduction to Agroecology” has been introduced for both horticulture and agriculture programmes for the first time in India.


Crop Health:

A new division of Crop Health is being introduced wherein, the following subjects are brought under: Plant Biochemistry, Crop Physiology, Agricultural Entomology, Plant Pathology, Soil Fertility and Weed Management which are related to the well-being and growth of the crops.


2018
Estabilished
50 +
Faculties
20 +
Field Visits per Year
100 +
Farm Communities Engaged
Infrastructure & Facilities

SRM Institute of Science and Technology has been consistent to maintain excellence in the academic standard since its inception. Learning is an Enjoyable experience here, with experienced Faculty, Inspiring Libraries and Stimulating discussion rooms, Large Playgrounds and State-of-the-art Labs.  


Infrastructure & Facilities

SRM Institute of Science and Technology has been consistent to maintain excellence in the academic standard since its inception. Learning is an Enjoyable experience here, with experienced Faculty, Inspiring Libraries and Stimulating discussion rooms, Large Playgrounds and State-of-the-art Labs.  


Vibrant Activities and Opportunities

There’s never a dull moment on campus, as the activities on offer are as diverse and varied too – from entertainment to extra-curricular or even religious pursuits. There are several activities to keep students busy, in their various areas of interest. It’s a stimulating environment for living and learning, with cultural activities, sports, fine arts and entrepreneurship, encouraging students to venture beyond the realms of academics.

	
Student Care and Nobel Causes:

College/ University campus is a place to find valuable friendship and to cherish unforgettable moments. We, here at SRM strongly condemn any kind of ragging practices. Our students welcome the freshers with flowers and advices and they do not believe in violence or unhealthy practices. Our faculty members impart good values with education and that is what set SRM apart.


Address:

SRM Nagar, Kattankulathur - 603 203
Chengalpattu District, Tamil Nadu.
Call us at

T: +91-44- 27417000, +91-44-27417777
Information Center

M: 080 6908 7000 | E: infodesk@srmist.edu.in


pranav k

Department of Chemical Engineering
The Department of Chemical Engineering was started in the year 1995, offering a B.Tech. Degree program as part of SRM Engineering College under the then University of Madras. Since the academic year 2002, the department has been offering the M.Tech. (Chemical Engineering) program, and since the academic year 2003-2004, the department has been functioning under the SRM Institute of Science & Technology and, since then, has been offering undergraduate (B.Tech), postgraduate (M.Tech), and doctoral (Ph.D.) programs in Chemical Engineering. The department has highly qualified faculty with experience in research and industry from prestigious institutions such as IITs, IISc, BARC and foreign universities and has close interactions with national research institutes such as IIT Madras, NIOT Chennai, NIT Trichy, IGCAR Kalpakkam and nearby private industries. The faculty are engaged in research projects, socially relevant and useful to the industries.

The students who graduated from the Chemical Engineering department are spread across the country and globe, pursuing professional careers in a wide range of areas, including energy, water, refineries, pharmaceuticals, other manufacturing sectors, IT-enabled sectors, and as entrepreneurs. The department constantly updates the curriculum to keep pace with the developments across multiple disciplines, such as artificial intelligence, machine learning, and the internet of things. Realizing the importance of cross-disciplinary knowledge, students are trained in the integration of core chemical engineering concepts with new software tools and sophisticated instrumentation, preparing them for promising career prospects in industries and organizations involved in design, production, research and development, and consultancy in chemical, environmental, biotechnological, petroleum, and several allied areas.

B.Tech – Chemical Engineering
Duration : 4 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 2,50,000 | Intake : 60

Program Educational Objectives
PEO1
To prepare and facilitate graduating students for job opportunities related to production and research in process industries.
PEO2
To train undergraduate students with skill-sets and tools necessary for pursuing higher education in Chemical engineering and allied areas.
PEO3
To empower students to become entrepreneurs for chemical and allied industries.
PEO4
To enable students to strive towards Sustainable development.

M.Tech – Chemical Engineering
Duration : 2 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 1,60,000

Program Educational Objectives
PEO 1
To impart a significantly higher level of technical knowledge than in undergraduate so that they appreciate the technological aspects of Chemical Engineering and create opportunities in advanced topics of the field of study.
PEO 2
To prepare students with skill sets and values that meets the varied needs of industries, research and academic organizations.
PEO 3
To enhance their capabilities in experimental research works, analytical skills, interpretation of scientific data and converting these into technical reports.
PEO 4
To enable the graduates to create and work in an atmosphere where learning, research and technical competence co-exists.
PEO 5
To train them for coexistence with inter-disciplinary groups in industry, academic and research organizations.

Placement
Chemical engineering offers diverse career options in various areas, including chemical processing, environmental management, food and beverage manufacture, minerals and mining, oil and gas refining, petrochemicals, and pharmaceuticals. Freshly graduated Chemical Engineers can look at job prospects in these sectors and industries. Apart from being part of traditional industries such as the petroleum industry and bulk chemical production, chemical engineering is also fast becoming part of new and upcoming fields such as machine learning, process optimization, information technology, alternative energy, and pollution control technology. Their contribution is vital in industrial processes across a broad spectrum, from manufacturing fibers, paints, fabrics, medical drugs, biomaterials, gasoline, and lubricants, among others necessary for the sector’s proper functioning.

They have vast opportunities as a beginner in government and privately-owned organizations alike. Chemical Engineers can also pursue research careers in R & D units, design companies, and technical institutes/universities. They can also join post-graduate programs in Indian or foreign universities of repute after clearing examinations and start promising careers after that.

Infrastructure
Mass Transfer Lab
Mechanical Operations and Heat Transfer Lab
Chemical Reaction Engineering Laboratory and Process Control lab
Technical and Instrumentation analysis Lab
Process Modelling and Simulation Lab


Department Of Chemical Engineering
Chemical Engineering Building, SRM Institute of Science and Technology,
Kattankulathur – 603203

044 27417818/044 27417858
hod.chem.ktr@srmist.edu.in

M.B.A. Banking And Financial Services
The program MBA Banking and Financial Services is designed to provide students a broad overview of the key concepts, tools and techniques needed to successfully meet the challenges of today’s dynamic banking environment. It covers essential courses in the field of banking along with the current and future needs of the banking industry. Domain specific courses give students the much-needed business acumen to work cross-functionally within the organization and become more skilled in the basics of bank management. This program will equip students with exposure to mid-level and senior executive responsibilities with value addition of legal aspects, statistical tools & risk management techniques in banks. The course modules have been updated to cover the potential disruptions and the managerial challenges ahead in the banking Industry. The Banking and Financial Services program has been built from the ground up ensuring that the content throughout is not only relevant to the industry but also directly addressing the needs of its employers. The students can explore banking fundamentals, foreign exchange, consumer & mortgage credit, and investments to develop a thorough understanding of the banking and financial industries. Alongside a working knowledge of the field, it will also build a solid foundation of long-term employable skills. The technical and management skills offered in this program can be applied not only to banking establishments and credit companies, they can also be transferred into any position that requires communication skills and interaction with clients and customers. The programme is designed to groom future managers who can successfully handle complex business issues. In the changed global scenario, innovation is a major driving force for achieving competitive advantage through creation of new business opportunities. To meet this challenge there is a huge requirement of trained banking and financial professionals in the country. This program aims to churn out skilled and talented Finance and Management professionals to fulfil the requirement of the corporate sector in general and Banking, Insurance and Financial Services sector in particular. This rigorous training would enable them to be industry-ready.

Campus
Kattankulathur (KTR)
Sanctioned Intake
30
Annual Fees
INR 3,85,000
Duration
2 Years

Program Educational Objectives
PEO 1
Be critical thinkers and business thought leaders
PEO 2
Collaborate to innovate and enterprise with diverse multi-cultural teams
PEO 3
Make Responsible Decisions that positively impact all Stakeholders
PEO 4
Nurture personal growth and career success

Program Specific Outcomes
Ability to Acquire and apply wider Knowledge on Banking and Financial Services.
Develop managerial and technical skills to manage modern banking and financial Industry.
Build capacity to manage changing role of financial services, driving the strategy as per stakeholder priorities as well as a values and norms by effective communication

+91 44 27417000
+91 44 27417777
+080 69087000
infodesk@srmist.edu.in

Amirabdhulla:

College:SRM College of Management

About college:SRM College of Management, a premier B-School in India, is committed to offering industry-relevant programs, and aspires to solve business and societal problems through its academic rigour, pedagogical excellence, research, consulting, and innovative and collaborative practices.

The academic programs of SRM CoM include live data, use cases, business simulations, case studies, research reviews and many more; that are supported by the best of academic infrastructures like FINTECH Lab, Ideation Cell, AI and Business Analytics Center, and Social Entrepreneurship cell. The Fintech lab is powered by high-end software like Thomson Reuters Eikon, CMIE Prowess IQ, CRISIL Research Database, Spider Software and Traders Cockpit Software which makes learning truly engaging.

Further, SRM CoM offers a unique opportunity to be mentored by Chief Executive Officers of Multi-crore companies under the CXO Protégé Program. Over 150+ companies are our regular recruitment partners.

Strong International collaborations of SRM CoM help our students pursue Foreign Internships, Semester abroad programs, Research and secure International placements. These International exposures attune our students gain global outlook to astutely face the challenging dynamics in the complex business environment.

Courses Offered:
BBA:
Annual Fees:INR 1,05,000
Duration:3 Years
BBA is a three-year program in business administration. It is a much-sought after program that provides a holistic learning experience. It provides knowledge and experiential learning to carve out managers, entrepreneurs and business leaders. Around the year learning experience through workshops, co- curricular and extra-curricular activities makes the program very intensive. The students gain knowledge about the functioning of various domains of business like HR, Finance, Marketing and Systems and learn to apply those concepts to provide the appropriate solutions for the challenges faced by businesses.

BBA(Honours):
Annual Fees:INR 1,30,000
Duration:3 Years
BBA (Honours)
BBA (Honours) is a three-year program for those aspiring for an intensive career in management. The programs provide academic and industrial exposure, making them industry-ready. In a nutshell, BBA Honours resonates with an academic rigour and various industrial practices. The curriculum of the course is designed to impart industry-specific knowledge as well as academic know-how to the students. It also allows the candidates to excel in one specialized area enabling them to manage, start and grow new or existing business. It offers specializations in marketing, finance, human resources and operations management. One month internship in the field of their interest adds to their domain knowledge and enhances the employability of these students.

BBA Digital Marketing:
Annual Fees:105,000
Duration:3 Years
BBA in Digital Marketing is a three-year program is designed to create technology driven managers, leaders and entrepreneurs to handle the contemporary and dynamic changes of businesses. This program provides an opportunity to learn subjects related with business administration with industrial exposure specifically in the field of digital marketing.


Datascience:
Department:Department of Data Science And Business Systems

About The Department:
The department of Data Science and Business Systems (DSBS) started in 2021 with the pivotal objective of evolving students to acquire information and knowledge by acquainting technical expertise and skills, thus transforming them into entrepreneurs and product developers pertaining to the field of Data Science and Business analytics. Leveraging the ever-growing business data, the department ensures that the students acquire sound fundamentals in theory and project based learning experience in various data science related tools and technologies. Augmenting to this the department is strongly committed to impart sound domain knowledge in mathematics, business system and engineering sciences.

Every business is driven by data in today’s evolving technological world. The department ensures the students have strong fundamentals in theory, project experience in various data science related tools and technologies, and domain knowledge in mathematics, business system and engineering science.

Vision:
The Department of Data Science and Business Systems (DSBS) motivates prepares the next generation of practitioners and researchers with equal appreciation for a data-centric world and human values, with the capability to securely store and distribute the data, innovate tools and techniques for efficient data visualization for supporting business ecosystems.

Mission:
To Impart technical knowledge as per industry requirements in data analysis and information visualization.

To provide a platform to adapt and work with innovative tools and techniques related to the business decision making process.

To provide knowledge in computing techniques including Block chain, Data Science, Gaming and provide innovative solution for socio-economic problems.

To impart knowledge of Business Principles, Service Orientation, Ethics and Life Values.

Undergraduate programs offered:

B.Tech – Computer Science and Business Systems
Duration : 4 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 3,50,000

B.Tech – Computer Science And Engineering with Specialization in Big Data Analytics
Duration : 4 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 3,50,000

B.Tech – Computer Science And Engineering with Specialization in Blockchain Technology
Duration : 4 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 3,50,000

B.Tech – Computer Science And Engineering with Specialization in Gaming Technology
Duration : 4 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 3,50,000

Integrated programs offered:
M.Tech – Big Data Analytics (Great Learning)
Duration : 2 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 1,25,000

M.Tech – Data Engineering (Great Learning)
Duration : 2 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 1,25,000

M.Tech – Data Science
Duration : 2 Year

M.Tech – Data Science (Great Learning)
Duration : 2 Year | Annual Fees : ₹ 1,25,000

Post Graduate courses offered:
M.Tech – Big Data Analytics (Great Learning)
Duration : 2 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 1,25,000

M.Tech – Data Engineering (Great Learning)
Duration : 2 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 1,25,000

M.Tech – Data Science
Duration : 2 Year

M.Tech – Data Science (Great Learning)
Duration : 2 Year | Annual Fees : ₹ 1,25,000
<<<<<<< HEAD
>>>>>>> 2f4f56810a883d5ad3081feb348e69d145c8b106
=======


Mohammed Fawaz:

College:Department of Biomedical Engineering

About The Department:

SRMIST is one of the few institutions in India that offers a B.Tech., M. Tech., and PhD programme in Biomedical Engineering that has been in existence for more than 15 years. Biomedical engineering is a consortium of biologists and engineers collaborating to develop medical devices, healthcare technologies, and services that benefit humanity. Biomedical engineering at SRM, was established in 2004 with an active clinical partnership with SRM Medical College and Research Institute. The department, since its inception, has actively participated in diversified research and teaching and has grown to become one of the best institutions in the country for the program. The department is well equipped with state-of-the-art research laboratories in the areas of Bioimaging, Biomaterials, Biomechanics, Bio signal and Medical Image processing. Students are motivated for active industrial collaboration through the industry associated “Centre for Biomedical Research and Healthcare Innovation (CBRHI)”. Our students have taken a few courses or completed projects at any one of our partner institutions abroad (Harvard, NTU, etc.), under the Semester Abroad Program (SAP). Connecting past to present, our students are placed in Top MNCs, Biomedical Industries, Government and Private Hospitals, IT Industries, and Research laboratories.

Vision:

Implement Science and Engineering principles in the broad area of Medical Instrumentation
Improve Healthcare delivery to humans in association with physicians and surgeons
Translate Biomedical Engineering research into applications that will advance and improve Healthcare.

Mission:

Built on a strong foundation of Basic Science and Engineering, the mission is to educate students in diverse fields of Biomedical Engineering

Work towards state-of-the-art Biomedical Engineering research and development through an interdisciplinary curriculum.

Apply knowledge about design in the development of enabling technologies for the improvement of human health.

Promote Biomedical Engineering research with ethics in the development of novel and innovative technologies.

Achieve academic excellence and stay research driven to match national and international standards.


Programs Offered:

B.Tech – Biomedical Engineering
Duration:4 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 2,50,000

M.Tech – Biomedical Engineering

Duration:2 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 1,60,000


Department of Fashion Designing

About The Department:

Fashion Designing department has well equipped lab facilities. Pattern Making & Garment Construction lab, Illustration lab, Computer Aided Designing lab and Draping lab are all updated labs of the department. Pattern making lab is equipped with advanced power machines and over lock machines along with customized pattern table and sitting stools. The draping lab is furnished with body forms, female mannequins, male mannequins and kids mannequins. The illustration lab has customized table and chair for the students to make comfortable sketching. The computer aided designing lab has advanced designing software for the students to make computerized sketches. The department has been continuously organizing numerous guest lectures and seminars for the benefit of the students. Most of the guest speakers are from the Designing Industry. They are designers, stylist, and entrepreneurs. And also the department invites guest speakers from retailing industry and professors from various college. Recently the department organized a national level guest lecture. The guest speaker was Karun Raman, fashion choreographer, fashion blogger who is a familiar face and celebrity in the media and modeling industry. The department organized another national level guest lecture. The guest speaker for the event was Dr. C. Prakash, Director, IIHT, West Bengal. The department has organized few notable workshops in the past pertaining to Digital Designing, Doll Dress Making, Fashion Illustration, Metal Craft Work, Blazer Sewing and Finishing. 

Vision/Mission:

To provide rigorous standards for design knowledge, illustration skills, industrial and professional behaviour.

To contribute to a designer society through teaching (with classrooms, labs, fashion studios, designing through software and service.

To value a collaborative, collegial and cooperative teaching and learning community composed of diverse students.

Programs Offered:
UnderGraduate:

B.Sc. Fashion Designing
Duration : 3 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 65,000

Faheem Zubair

Department of Biotechnology – Science and Humanities

About The Department:
The Department of Biotechnology, CSH, SRMIST, was established in the year 2003, with the objective of creating a research-oriented division with inter- disciplinary ideas and has emerged as a hub for state-of-the-art research in the field of Biotechnology. It is committed to imparting a holistic education for the development of students to excel in higher education and research. The Department has a strong commitment to excellence in undergraduate and postgraduate education and offers B.Sc. M.Sc. and PhD programs in Biotechnology. It also offers a flexible curriculum that puts an emphasis on both theoretical and hands-on experience for the students. The Department consists of nine research supervisors who are carrying out cutting edge research in various fields of Biotechnology like stem cell biology, molecular immunology, microbiology, neurogenetics, animal biotechnology, and plant biotechnology. It takes pride in sending-  students for the semester abroad program (SAP) to reputed universities worldwide and  encourages students to perform research related activities from the undergraduate level. The Department organizes workshops and FDPs regularly to keep abreast with the latest advancements in Biotechnology and is constantly striving for excellence in teaching and research.

Vision:
Creating the most conducive environment for imparting quality education in Biotechnology.
Contributing effectively to produce globally competent quality professionals in the field of life science.

Mission:
Impart students with the essential knowledge and skills required for a successful career in life sciences.
Instil confidence in students to take up new challenges by grooming them appropriately.
Inculcate a sense of commitment to professional ethics, and moral values with an emphasis on team work and leadership qualities.

Programs Offered:

Undergraduate:
The undergraduate program iparts students with mastery in the field of Biotechnology.

Courses Offered-
B.sc. Biotechnology- 
Duration: 3 years | Annual Fees: Rs85,000
BS in biotechnology- 
Duration: 4 years | Annual Fees: Rs95,000

Postgraduate:
The department's ranges of postgraduate programs include core courses as well as elective, independent study.

Courses Offered-
M.Sc. Biotechnology- 
Duration: 2 years | Annual Fees: Rs1,00,000


Department of Computer Applications

About The Department:
The Department of Computer Applications at SRM Institute of Science and Technology has always been on the top as the paradigm of quality with the most modern curriculum and syllabus. Ever since its inception in 2005, the department has attained unprecedented heights and stands on par excellence among its counterparts in Tamil Nadu and India. The Department has proven its academic prowess and success with an extensive range of courses offered both at the Undergraduate and Postgraduate levels. The Department offers BCA, BCA Data Science at the UG level, and MCA, M.Sc Applied Data Science at the PG level.
Consistently ranked among the top Computer Applications programs in India, the Computer Applications Department at SRM offers a flexible curriculum designed to allow students to explore their own interests in increasing depth.  The curriculum is revamped to suit the industry needs with an emphasis on theory and application that demarcates SRM Computer Applications from most colleges.
Being one of the largest departments in the College of Science and Humanities, populated with an eclectic mix of 700+ students from different parts of the country, and 15+ accomplished professors, immense strides are made at every level to give an outstanding student experience.
Our close ties to industry, coupled with our commitment to research and education, ensure that students get a rigorous, relevant, and broad education. The most in-demand data science programme – M.Sc Applied Data Science and BCA Data Science in collaboration with industry partners grabbed the spotlight in the department.
Our world-class laboratory with the judicious integration of technologies in classrooms enables the students to be in close proximity to the latest and coolest technologies. The department also enlivens our curriculum, provides many research and summer job opportunities for our students, and makes this a very exciting place to study Computer Applications.
To quench the thirst for knowledge in Coding, the Department has initiated a Programmers Club- “LiveWires_” for the aspiring developers to plunge into software engineering activities. Virtual Labs, E-Lab, E-Skill, and E-Verify for the students to practice on Laboratory Courses with umpteen number of questions which changes their mobile devices as Learning Devices. Our department maintains excellent Placement and Internship Records.

Programs Offered:

Undergraduate:
The undergraduate program imparts students with mastery in the filed of computer science.

Courses Offered-
B.C.A Computer Applications-
Duration: 3 years | Annual Fees: Rs85,000
B.C.A Data Science- 
Duration: 3 years | Annual Fees: Rs95,000

Postgraduate:
the department's ranges if postgraduate programs include core courses as well as elective, independent study.

Courses Offered-
M.C.A. Computer Applications-
Duration: 2 years | Annual Fees: Rs1,00,000
M.Sc. Applied Data Science- 
Duration: 2 years | Annual Fees: Rs1,00,000

pradeep kumar:

college name: Srm college of agriculture and science.


Department: Department of Civil Engineering

The Department of Civil Engineering at Kattankulathur is one of the pioneer departments of the Institute, established in 1985. 
The department has excelled in the areas of Academics, Research, Cultural and sports, developing a reputation up to global standards.


Vision:
Our department’s vision is to become a frontier in various fields of Civil Engineering education and research to meet national and global challenges in accordance with societal needs. 


Mission:

##And our missions are: to move up through international alliances and collaborative initiatives in civil engineering to achieve global excellence; To accomplish a process to advance knowledge 
in a rigorous research environment related to civil engineering and allied disciplines; To attract and build people in a rewarding and inspiring environment by fostering freedom, empowerment, 
creativity, and innovation.

##The department possesses eminent, experienced, and dedicated teaching faculty with teaching and research excellence who produce quality publications arising out of research and consultancy 
activity in their field of interest.

##The department also possesses excellent infrastructure facilities on par with international standards, enabling us to produce highly calibre Civil Engineers.


Undergraduate programs offered:

B.Tech – Civil Engineering
Duration : 4 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 2,50,000
Professor & Head of Department: Dr. P.T. Ravichandran

B.Tech – Civil Engineering with Computer Applications
Duration : 4 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 2,50,000
Professor & Head of Department: Dr. P.T. Ravichandran

Post Graduate courses offered:

M.Tech – Construction Engineering & Management
Duration : 2 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 1,60,000
Professor & Head of Department: Dr. P.T. Ravichandran

M.Tech – Environmental Engineering
Duration : 2 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 1,60,000
Professor & Head of Department: Dr. P.T. Ravichandran

M.Tech – Geotechnical Engineering
Duration: 2 Years 
Professor & Head of Department: Dr. P.T. Ravichandran

M.Tech – Remote Sensing & Geographics Information System
Duration: 2 Years
Professor & Head of Department: Dr. P.T. Ravichandran

M.Tech – Structural Engineering
Duration : 2 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 1,60,000
Professor & Head of Department: Dr. P.T. Ravichandran

college name: Srm college of agriculture and science.

Department: Department of Visual Communication.

The Department of Visual communication is one of the very few private institutes in the country offering full-fledged 
Post – Graduate and Graduate programs with advanced infrastructure, a comprehensive curriculum, skilled and experienced
Faculty, placement process, International exchange programs, lively co-curricular activities like theatre, dance, music,
cinema and painting with an ambiance that encourages students to scale new heights in their areas of interest with a firm
root in social sensitivity. It has emerged as one of the leading Communication and media institutes in the country with an
international reputation. The program is designed to provide a holistic design education that incorporates technology, 
aesthetics, and integrated use of various media. The course aims at giving an opportunity to the budded youths to get 
trained as professionals in the media world.

Courses in Visual Communication examine the nature, use, and role of messages among individuals, small groups, organizations,
and society in whatever form they assume – oral, written, visual, mediated, and technological communication. The course ensures
that students are trained in both traditional and modern technology as practice and in theory as well.


Vision:

To develop a knowledge center to impart innovative hands-on training in Visual Media, emphasizing alternative perspectives and 
aesthetic presentation of realities using international media strategies.


Mission:

To provide a broad spectrum of visual media to enable students to make meaningful career choices.

To train students towards a better understanding of media by sharpening their creativity.

To facilitate the use of alternative media to bring positive changes in society.

To bring down the gap between the academia and media industry.


Undergraduate programs offered:


B.Sc. Visual Communication
Duration : 3 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 1,05,000
Assistant Professor & Head of the Department: Dr. Rajesh. R


Postgraduate programs offered:


M.Sc. Visual Communication
Duration : 2 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 1,00,000
Assistant Professor & Head of the Department: Dr. Rajesh. R


Ph.D programs offered: 


Ph.D. Visual Communication

HADIQ SHEHEER

Department of Aerospace Engineering

About The Department

The Department of Aerospace Engineering is the youngest and most exciting department in the School of Mechanical Engineering, established in the year 2007. It offers a four -year degree in B.Tech Program. The department also offers M.Tech. (Research) and doctoral programs in various areas of aerospace engineering. The department holds a decent number of full-time doctoral research scholars. The faculties and students of our department have published a good number of research publications, and patents and conducted various activities like FDPs, webinars, and guest lectures. The department also organizes World Space Week every year. Highly qualified and dedicated faculties on board to groom the young minds with a passion for Aerospace Engineering. The department has always attracted the brightest students who have great passion for creativity and innovation. It has well-equipped laboratories. Our Aerospace hangar houses Cessna, Eurocopter, Kiran aircraft, Airbus A300 simulator, different types of engines, and landing gear components. Aerodynamics Lab comprises of subsonic & supersonic wind tunnel, sophisticated high-speed jet facility, smoke tunnel, boundary layer tunnel, etc; Aircraft Structures lab; Aero Fluid Mechanics Lab; Computational Lab & Advanced Computational Lab; Material Testing lab; Avionics lab and Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam Memorial Propulsion Laboratory, exclusively for studies on various propellants.

Established:-2007
Faculty & Staff:-31
Students:-353
Publications:-239
Funded Projects:-3
Patent(Published):-7
Ph.D (Awarded):-2


Vision

Inspire and nurture the next generation of Aerospace engineers and scientists; inculcate knowledge in ethics and humanity.

Mission

To educate students in the fundamental disciplines of Aerospace Engineering such as Aerodynamics, Aerospace structures and materials, Aerospace propulsion, flight mechanics, Space mechanics, Avionics.

To impart knowledge, methodology, tools of design and the synthesis of fundamental aerospace disciplines necessary for the students to carry out the design of an aerospace vehicle or system.

To establish Centre of Excellence for research in the field of Aerodynamics, and Aerospace structures and materials, Aerospace propulsion.

To provide world class training and skills to every Aerospace students to add value and shine in a Global market.

Programs Offered

UNDERGRADUATE
B.Tech – Aerospace Engineering
Duration : 4 Years
Annual Fees : ₹ 3,75,000

Mode Of Delivery
Regular

Program Type
Full Time

REASEARCH
Ph.D
Ph.D in Aerospace Engineering (Full Time)
Duration : 3-5 years
Annual Fees : ₹ 30,000

Mode Of Delivery
Regular

Program Type
Full Time


Placement

The Department of Aerospace Engineering gives utmost importance to students placements in reputed industries and corporate. We have a dynamic placement team that coordinates with the centralized career center to facilitate the placement process. Our department has shown a drastic improvement in placements over the past few years. We also aim to achieve complete placement for all the enrolled students in the subsequent years.

The students of Aerospace Engineering have been finding coveted positions in reputed corporate and business houses that visit the campus every year. The salary packages are comparably high, on par with international standards. The excellent infrastructure of the department, guidance by experienced faculty members, and hands-on training sessions for industry-driven skills foster the students in all aspects of their placements.

Apart from campus placements, our students receive job offers from defense sectors viz Indian Air Force, Indian Navy, Aeronautical Development Establishment (ADE), Centre for Military Airworthiness and Certification (CEMILAC), Gas Turbine Research Establishment (GTRE), and other government space/aviation establishments like Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO), Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL), National Aerospace Laboratories (NAL), etc. Our alumni are working in reputed organizations like Airbus, Rolls-Royce, European Space Agency (ESA), etc. With the explosive growth in civil aviation, satellite communications, and space exploration, there will be a constant demand for graduate aerospace engineers.


Dream offers:-22     
Job Placements:-73%
Highest Package Offered:-38.5LPA
Companies Visited:-110+
Alumni across the Globe:-1100+


Faculty

Teaching environment and quality are central to SRMIST’s capability profile. Our Professors are the reason for our continued ability to foster vibrant and value adding learning experiences for our students. The success of our students’ in terms of their learning and overall development enabled by our faculty members is an area of focus for Leadership at SRMIST. Many opportunities are provided to our faculty members to conduct research and engage with the industry in consultancy and other projects. This platform brings our faculty members an opportunity to expand their knowledge contribution as well as bring those rich experiential inputs to the classrooms and labs therefore benefiting our students.

Faculty Members
Dr. Ganapathy Subramanian L R
Professor & HOD

Dr. Selvakumaran T
Associate Professor
Subject Aerodynamics, Solid mechanics, Aircraft Structures and Solid propellant combustion

Dr. Senthilkumar S
Associate Professor
Subject Computational Fluid Dynamics, Aerodynamics, Heat Transfer

Dr. Sivakumar S
Associate Professor
Vibrations and Elements of Aero elasticity, Aircraft Structures, Finite Element Method, Helicopter Maintenance, Aircraft Systems and Instruments etc.

Dr. Allwyn K
Assistant Professor
Aerospace Engineering

Dr. Aravindh Kumar S M
Research Assistant Professor
Gas Dynamics, Aerodynamics

Dr. Gurusideswar S
Assistant Professor
Aerospace Engineering - Composite Structures

Dr. Kannan B T
Research Assistant Professor
Aerospace Engineering - Aerodynamics

Dr. Kuchimanchi K Bhardwaj
Assistant Professor
Aerodynamics

Dr. Malaikannan G
Research Assistant Professor
Reentry Aerodynamics, Hypersonic Aerothermodynamics, Rarefied Gas Dynamics

Dr. Mohamed Arif R
Assistant Professor
Aerospace Engineering

Dr. Saravanakumar K
Assistant Professor
Aerospace Engineering – Materials & Structures

Dr. Saravanan G
Assistant Professor
Aerospace Engineering

Dr. Vignesh Kumar M
Assistant Professor
Aerospace Engineering

Mr. Ravichandrakumar K B
Assistant Professor
CFD application on Aerodynamics

Mr. Vinayak Malhotra
Assistant Professor
Aerospace Engineering

Mr. Bharat N
Assistant Professor
Aerospace Engineering

Mr. Iynthezhuthon K
Assistant Professor

Mr. Mahendra Perumal G
Assistant Professor
Aerospace Engineering

Mr. Rajkumar S
Assistant Professor
Aerospace Engineering


Infrastructure

The Department of Aerospace Engineering has laboratories catering to students, scholars and faculty members for their academic and research activities. Modern computing facilities are also available for students towards performing Computer Aided Design and Computational Analysis (Structural Analysis / Fluid Dynamics / Combustion).

Advanced Computing Lab
Aero Fluid Dynamics Laboratory
Subsonic Aerodynamics Laboratory
Supersonic Aerodynamics Laboratory
Aerospace Structures Laboratory
Computational Laboratory
Aerospace Propulsion Laboratory
Material Testing Laboratory
Avionics Laboratory


Contact Us
Department Of Aerospace Engineering
Main Campus, SRM Institute of Science and Technology,
(Opp. to Potheri Railway Station)
Kattankulathur, Chengalpattu District, Tamil Nadu – 603203

044 27417824/ 044 27417864
hod.aero.ktr@srmist.edu.in




L.L.M. International Trade Law

Campus:-Kattankulathur (KTR)
Sanctioned Intake:-25
Annual Fees:-INR 85,000
Duration:-1 Year

Programme Educational Objective
1)To provide the students an-depth dynamic and applied knowledge of the regulatory framework of the multilateral trading system, covering both the institutional and substantive law of the WTO.

2)To develop various skills among the students that would enable them to critically examine the operation of international trade law in practical contexts.

3)To motivate the students to explore and understand the complex issues emerging in the area of international trade.

4)To prepare the students who will achieve peer- recognition effectively as individuals in Bar or in Judiciary to make decision.

Ganesh Ram:

# Science And Humanities

"College of Science and Humanities (CSH) offers an education model that emphasizes Critical Thinking, Collaboration, and Problem-Solving. This in turn provides you with the knowledge and skills to achieve your goals and earn a position of leadership within your chosen profession."


>Welcome Message: The Department of Computer Applications is dedicated for ensuring great careers for students joined for pursuing Undergraduate or Postgraduate. The excellent infrastructure, teaching faculty of the best kind of the Department ensuring quality education such as interaction among students, parents, and staff, along with a Training and Placement Cell ensures a bright future to its students. We strongly encourage innovation in research, in teaching, and in service to the profession, the local community, and industry. Our faculty and students are constantly striving to excel and to advance the state of the art in Computer Applications.

>About The Department: The Department of Computer Applications at SRM Institute of Science and Technology has always been on the top as the paradigm of quality with the most modern curriculum and syllabus. Ever since its inception in 2005, the department has attained unprecedented heights and stands on par excellence among its counterparts in Tamil Nadu and India. The Department has proven its academic prowess and success with an extensive range of courses offered both at the Undergraduate and Postgraduate levels. The Department offers BCA, BCA Data Science at the UG level, and MCA, M.Sc Applied Data Science at the PG level.

>Specialization: To quench the thirst for knowledge in Coding, the Department has initiated a Programmers Club- “LiveWires_” for the aspiring developers to plunge into software engineering activities. Virtual Labs, E-Lab, E-Skill, and E-Verify for the students to practice on Laboratory Courses with umpteen number of questions which changes their mobile devices as Learning Devices. Our department maintains excellent Placement and Internship Records.

--Science and Humanities Dean :Dr. A. Duraisamy
--Associate Professor and Head :Dr. Albert Antony Raj S


>College name:Srm University KTR
>Science And Humanities
>Post Graduate:MBA 
>Deparment:Arfiticial Intelligence and Data Science
>Duration: 2Years
>Annual Fees: 3,85,000



# SCHOOL OF LAW

>> Our Programs: Programs offered includes PG as per the guidelines of regulatory bodies. Strong curriculum and pedagogy have been framed keeping in view the contemporary standard and expectations.  Placement and internship are adequately facilitated.


# School of Law, SRMIST, being a citadel of Legal education is known for its state of art green campus emphasizes on quality education of global standards through unique curriculum and pedagogy duly delivered by highly qualified, experienced and committed faculty members along with a rich information centre with all kind of resources. Special attention is given towards technical skills, information technology and infrastructure.


>> career and P: The Career Center in SRM Institute of Science and Technology plays a vital role in making SRM a favored destination for many national and international organizations to recruit fresh talent nurtured at the Institute. Continuous institute-industry interaction, pre-joining learning initiatives, participating in industrial exhibitions, fairs, seminars to promote useful interaction with the industries and alumni activities are some of the initiatives of Placement Office. The excellent infrastructure of the Career Center facilitates activities like preplacement talks, written tests, group discussions, and interviews as per the requirements of the recruiting organizations.

--School of Law Dean :Prof (Dr.) C. A. Gurudath


>College Name: Srm University KTR
>School Of Law
>Post Graduate:LLM
>Department:Criminal Law and Criminal Justice
>Duration: 1Years
>Annual Fees: 85,000

Deepak Selvam:

Department:   BACHELOR OF COMMERCE + BACHELOR OF LAWS [B.COM LLB] {HONS.}

Tuition Fees:   ₹10 Lakh

Duration:   5 Years

mode:   Full Time

SRM UNIVERSITY FEE DETAILS:   Admission Fee:₹ 1,000,000/-

                                                         Mess Fee:  ₹ 275,000/-
      
                                                         Other Fees:    ₹ 261,100/-                                              
                                                        
                                                          Total:   ₹ 1,536,100/-


Additional Details for SRM University, Chennai:

             The candidate must pass 10+2 examination or equivalent as per BCI norms.

             International candidates will have to pay a tuition fee of 3000$ per annum along with a one-time non-refundable processing fee of 300$ and hostel charges of maximum 5,250$ per annum.

             There is an optional laundry facility available as well costing INR 6000/- for boys hostel and INR 7000/- for girls hostel.

Low-Income Families:
              
              A 25% to 100% concession in tuition fee awarded at the time of admission and is recommended by FEFSI

              A 25% to 100% concession in tuition fee awarded at the time of admission and is recommended by Chinnathira

             A 25% to 100% concession in tuition fee and hostel/ transport fee awarded need-based to the self-representing seniors only

SRM Arts and Culture Scholarship:
          
             This scholarship is awarded to the seniors only for Arts and Culture

             A 25% to 100% concession in the tuition fee is awarded for fine arts and culture

Alumni Scholarship:   

             A 25% concession on the tuition fee is awarded in this scholarship at the time of admission

             For Undergraduates, this scholarship is awarded after the completion of 15 years and for Postgraduates at least 10 years


Academic Excellence:

	This scholarship is awarded to the seniors only for the marks obtained in SRMIST Examinations

	The concession is decided by the scholarship committee

Sponsored  Scholarship:

	Government Sponsered Scholarships are awarded to the first year and senior students belonging to the BC/ MBC/ BCM/ SC/ ST category

Education Loans at SRM University, Chennai:

	The students can avail themselves of educational loans through selected banks with which the SRM University has created links.

	Banks Providing Loans:

		State Bank of India
   		ICICI Bank
		Bank of India
		City Union Bank
		IDBI Bank
		State Bank of Mysore
		Corporation Bank
		State Bank of Travancore
		State Bank of Patiala
		Vijaya Bank
		Andhra Bank
		Central Bank of India
		Indian Bank
		United Bank of India

	
B.com department dean : Prof (Dr.) C. A. Gurudath


Department:  SRM UNIVERSITY BACHELOR OF TECHNOLOGY [B.TECH] (ELECTRONICS & COMMUNICATION ENGINEERING)

Tuition Fees:  ₹10 Lakh

Exams Accepted:  SRMJEEE

 Duration:   4 Years

Mode:  Full Time

SRM UNIVERSITY FEE DETAILS:

 	Admission Fee :  ₹ 1,000,000/-

	Mess Fee : ₹ 55,000/-

             Other Fee:  ₹ 210,000/-

             Total : ₹ 1,265,000/-

Additional Details for SRM University, Chennai[ECE]:
	
	The candidate should have passed 10+2/ GCE A Level/ IB diploma/ IB certificate from a recognized University with at least 50% marks in Physics, Chemistry, Mathematics/ Biology with a minimum aggregate of 50%

	Indian Nationals/ NRI/ holders of PIO, OCI card are eligible to apply for this course

	Candidates need to qualify SRMJEEE for admissions

	Top 1000 rankers of IIT JEE has the opportunity of direct admissions in the course

	International candidates need to pay a tuition fee of 9000$ per year

	An optional laundry fee of INR 6,000 is also chargeable

Scholarships at SRM University, Chennai[ECE]:

	These scholarships are awarded at the time of admission and only to the B.Tech students
   
	The University offers 100% Tuition Fee and Hostel/ Transportation Fee concession to the students ranking between 1 to 100 in SRMJEEE, students with among in the top 1000 of IIT JEE [Mains], State Board Toppers and District Topppers within Tamil Nadu
	
	There is an Auto-renewing Sports Scholarship for the State, National and Internation Level participants which offers 100% concession in Application Fee, Registration or Processing Fee, Tuition Fee and Hostel or Transportation Fee
	
Low-Income Families[ECE]:

	A 25% to 100% concession in tuition fee awarded at the time of admission and is recommended by FEFSI

	A 25% to 100% concession in tuition fee awarded at the time of admission and is recommended by Chinnathira
	
	A 25% to 100% concession in tuition fee and hostel/ transport fee awarded need-based to the self-representing seniors only

SRM Arts and Culture Scholarship:

	This scholarship is awarded to the seniors only for Arts and Culture

	A 25% to 100% concession in the tuition fee is awarded for fine arts and culture

Sponsored  Scholarship:

	Government Sponsered Scholarships are awarded to the first year and senior students belonging to the BC/ MBC/ BCM/ SC/ ST category 


Education Loans at SRM University, Chennai:

	The students can avail themselves of educational loans through selected banks with which the SRM University has created links.
 
  	The educational loans can be availed too at the campuses during the counselling and admission sessions.


Banks Providing Loans:

State Bank of India
ICICI Bank
Bank of India
City Union Bank
IDBI Bank
State Bank of Mysore
Corporation Bank
State Bank of Travancore
State Bank of Patiala
Vijaya Bank
Andhra Bank
Central Bank of India
Indian Bank
United Bank of India
Indian Overseas Bank

ECE department dean : Dr. T. V. Gopal

Jayanthi:

# College Of Engineering & Technology

> SRMIST’s engineering programs endeavor to be at the forefront of innovation. They also foster multi-disciplinary collaborations aimed at solving the most pressing global problems


About The Department:The Department of Electronics & Instrumentation Engineering was started in the year 2007-08. The scope of Electronics & Instrumentation Engineering is vast and is fast growing to cater the needs of manufacturing and process automation industries. The Department has been accredited by the IET accreditation board (UK) and has been recognized by the IASC – Sector Skill Council – Affiliated to Ministry of Skill Development and Entrepreneurship, Govt. of India in 2018


Department & Centers: The Engineering and Technology faculty comprises of 7 Schools and 19 Departments. Each school is headed by a Dean and comprises various Departments of Engineering, clubbed on the basis of their domain expertise

Dean : Dr.T.V.Gopal
Associate professor & head : Dr.G.Joselin Retna Kumar

Department:Electronics And Instrumentation Engineering
Duration : 4 yrs
Under Graduate : B.Tech - Automation and robotics , B.Tech-Electronics and instrumentation engineering 
Annual Fees : 2,50,000
Post Graduate :  M.Tech - Automation and robotics , M.Tech-Electronics and control engineering 
Annual Fees : 1,60,000
Duration : 2 yrs


BHANU PRAKASH :
                                                   ** DEPARTMENT OF PSYCHOLOGY **						   

About The Department :
The SRMIST University  is offering the UG Course in Psychology, to cater to the global demand for graduates from various disciplines of Psychology. It provides, to the Students who completes B.Sc Psychology in the following unique opportunities in his/her career.

> B.Sc. Psychology

CAMPUS: Main Campus, Kattankulathur (KTR).

SANCTIONED INTAKE: 60

ANNUAL FEES: INR 65,000

DURATION: Bachelor of Science in Psychology - 3 Years

ELIGIBILITY :
10+2 (Higher Secondary) in any discipline from a recognized board.

ADMISSION CRITERIA :
For B.Sc. Psychology program, admission is done through National level entrance examination conducted by SRM Institute of Science and Technology or authorized /statutory boards or agencies. In addition to the above, the eligibility for admission is subject to fulfilling the requirement of minimum marks in the qualifying examination as well.

CAREER PATH: 
After completing UG Course in Psychology from SRM IST, the following are the unique career opportunities for the students:

            Clinical Psychologist
            Counselling Psychologist
            Organizational/Industrial Psychologist
            Special Educators for Childhood Disorders
            Rehabilitation Psychologist
            Sports Psychologist
            Counsellors in Schools, Colleges and Family Courts
            Research and Project assistants
            Eminent Professors
            Freelance Motivational speaker
            Government Jobs 
            Human resource manager
            Teacher
            Research roles
            Psychotherapist
The papers like General Psychology and Social Psychology will make our students to face the competitive exams with confidence.

FACULTY :
Dr.T.S.Saranya
Assistant Professor & HOD I/C

SYLLABUS : 
https://www.srmup.in/Uploads/prospectus/36crsfile_Syllabus3.pdf


BHANU PRAKASH :
                                                                ** BBA **
								
DEPARTMENT: COLLEGE OF MANAGEMENT 

CAMPUS: Main Campus, Kattankulathur (KTR)

SANCTIONED INTAKE: 240

ANNUAL FEES: INR 1,05,000

DURATION: 3 Years

ABOUT THE DEPARTMENT :
BBA is a three-year program in business administration. It is a much-sought after program that provides a holistic learning experience. It provides knowledge and experiential learning to carve out managers, entrepreneurs and business leaders. Around the year learning experience through workshops, co- curricular and extra-curricular activities makes the program very intensive. The students gain knowledge about the functioning of various domains of business like HR, Finance, Marketing and Systems and learn to apply those concepts to provide the appropriate solutions for the challenges faced by businesses.
ELIGIBILITY FOR B.B.A. BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION :
Any student having passed the qualifying exam (10+2) with 50% and above is eligible for BBA and BBA (Digital Marketing)
Any student having passed the qualifying exam (10+2) with 60% and above is eligible for BBA(Honours)
* Please refer the admissions portal

PROGRAM LEARNING GOALS : 

PLG 1
Understand and execute business decisions using appropriate knowledge and skills
PLG 2
Engage with cross disciplinary teams in a professional and ethical manner.
PLG 3
Communicate appropriately with all stakeholders and achieve business goals.

FACULTY :
Dr. L. Jayanthi 
Assistant Professor ,Management Studies

SYLLABUS :
https://webstor.srmist.edu.in/web_assets/srm_mainsite/files/2019/bba-syllabus-2018.pdf


PHANINDRA VARMA:
                                                       **PHYSICS & NANO TECHNOLOGY**
Department: Physics & Nano Technology

Campus: SRM KATTANKULATHUR(KTR)

About the department: 
The Department of Physics and Nanotechnology (Supported by DST-FIST, Govt. of India) strives to provide a broad spectrum of fundamental knowledge and expertise that has worldwide significance in the fields of Physics and Nanotechnology. This serves as the foundation for interdisciplinary research, applied research, national and international collaborations.

The Department offers rigorous training in Physics and Nanotechnology at Undergraduate, Post Graduate and Doctoral levels with highly qualified team of faculty members having several years of post-doctoral experience from leading international and national institutions. Our students are exposed to an innovative, dynamic and challenging environment through a combination of research-based teaching, project work, high degree of interaction with industry and state-of-the-art laboratory facilities holding modern equipment and computational tools.

Our faculty have received 45 sponsored research projects during the last five years with a total outlay of 50.61 crores from various funding agencies such as DST-FIST, DST-SERB, DST-NANOMISSION, BRNS, MNRE, ISRO ARFI, ISRO RESPOND, US ONRG, MoES and AOARD to carryout cutting edge research in the areas of Materials Science and Engineering, Nanotechnology, Energy, Environmental Science, Condensed Matter Physics, Optics and Photonics, Particle Physics and Atmospheric Science. In last 5 years, our faculty have published 780 research articles in various peer reviewed journals of American Physical Society, Nature Publishing, American Institute of Physics, Institute of Physics (UK) American Chemical Society, Elsevier, and Wiley, etc.

Annual fees: 3,75,000

Duration: 4 years

Scheduled intake: 15

Faculty: Dr.A.Karthigeyan
Professor & Head in charge

Creer oppurtunities: • Electronics/semiconductor industry
 • Materials science including textiles, polymers, packaging, among others
 • Auto and aerospace industries
 • Sporting goods
 • Biotechnology
 • Computing
 • Medical fields and pharmaceuticals
 • Environmental monitoring, control, and remediation

Eligibility criteria: Minimum 50% aggregate in PCM and Passed in Higher secondary examination (10+2 pattern ) or appearing in Higher Secondary examination in the current academic year with Physics and Mathematics as compulsory subjects along with one of the Chemistry/ Biotechnology/ Biology/ Technical Vocational subject/ Computer Science/ Information Technology/ Informatics Practices/ Agriculture/ Engineering Graphics/ Business Studies as major subjects in regular stream from any state board within India, CBSE, ISCE, Matriculation, or NIOS

                                                          **BA.LLB*
Department Bachelor of arts and legum baccalaureus(honours)

Campus: SRM KATTANKULATHUR(KTR)

Annual fees: 2,00,000

Duration: 5 years

Eligibility criteria: 10, + 2 pass in regular/normal mode. Minimum 60% aggregate in +2 board examination. Appeared in 2023 CLAT/LSAT/ SRM Law Entrance .

About the department:
School of Law, SRMIST, being a citadel of Legal education is known for its state of art green campus emphasizes on quality education of global standards through unique curriculum and pedagogy duly delivered by highly qualified, experienced and committed faculty members along with a rich information centre with all kind of resources. Special attention is given towards technical skills, information technology and infrastructure. Law School is also very particular in delivering social justice legal education. Research oriented approach; industry academia interface and multi-faceted exposure to justice delivery system make the School of Law unique. Co – curricular, para – curricular and sports activities are the part of the campus life. Individual care is always given to inculcate human values in our pupil. School of Law believes and practices ‘Equip –Expose –Empower and enlighten’ process to make its products professionally competent, confident and committed towards society and needy.

Career and placement: 
The Career Center in SRM Institute of Science and Technology plays a vital role in making SRM a favored destination for many national and international organizations to recruit fresh talent nurtured at the Institute. Continuous institute-industry interaction, pre-joining learning initiatives, participating in industrial exhibitions, fairs, seminars to promote useful interaction with the industries and alumni activities are some of the initiatives of Placement Office. The excellent infrastructure of the Career Center facilitates activities like preplacement talks, written tests, group discussions, and interviews as per the requirements of the recruiting organizations.

Faculty: Prof(Dr.) C.A.Gurudath
Dean,School of law, SRMIST
                                                               ************
							       
kaviyanjali:  

COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING &TECHNOLOGY

 The Engineering and Technology faculty comprises of 7 Schools and 19 Departments. Each school is headed by a Dean and comprises various Departments of Engineering, clubbed on the basis of their domain expertise.
  
DEPARTMENT:Computational intelligence


PROGRAM LEVEL

B. Tech – Artificial Intelligence;
Duration : 4 Years  
Annual Fees : ? 4,00,000


B.Tech – Computer Science And Engineering with Specialization in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning
Duration : 4 Years 
Annual Fees : ? 4,50,000

B.Tech – Computer Science And Engineering with Specialization in Software Engineering
Duration : 4 Years 
Annual Fees : ? 3,50,000


Integrated M.Tech – Artificial Intelligence
Annual Fees : ? 4,00,000


Integrated M.Tech – Computer Science And Engineering with Specialization in Cognitive Computing
Annual Fees : ? 2,50,000


M.Tech – Artificial Intelligence (Great Learning)
Duration : 2 Years 
Annual Fees : ? 1,25,000


M.Tech in Data Science & Artificial Intelligence(Great Learning)
Duration : 2 Years 
Annual Fees : ? 1,25,000

MODE OF DELIVERY:Rsgualr

PROGRAM TYPE:Full Time

STUDENT CLUBS:SRMKZILLZA,NEXTGEN AI,TEDXSRMIST  

The department of computational intelligence collabrate with  industeries like NEUR industry,NYX VOLVES pvt ltd,Edu Tech,nvidia,CMI

Infrastructure:

Computer Technology Lab
Programming Language Lab
Software Quality Lab
Software Development Lab
Centre for AI
AI Robo Lab
AI/DL Lab Based On NVIDIA DGX A100
Accelerated AI Computing Lab

Dept HOD:Dr. R. Annie Uthra
Faculty:77

Contact Us:

Department Of Computational Intelligence
Univeristy Block, SRM Institute of Science and Technology,
Kattankulathur – 603203

044 27417838/044 27417878
hod.cintel.ktr@srmist.edu.in

COLLEGE OF SCIENCE & HUMANITIES

College of Science and Humanities (CSH) offers an education model that emphasizes Critical Thinking, Collaboration, and Problem-Solving. This in turn provides you with the knowledge and skills to achieve your goals and earn a position of leadership within your chosen profession.

DEPARTMENT:YOGA

PROGRAM LEVEL:

B.Sc. Yoga
Duration : 3 Years 
Annual Fees : ? 25,000

M.Sc. Yoga
Duration : 2 Years  
Annual Fees : ? 15,000

Faculty:3
 
Dept head:Dr. M. Senthil Kumar


A.Adhithyan
                                                                                                                                                                              SRM Institute of Science and Technology

Vision:
      " To emerge as a world class university in creating and disseminating knowledge, and providing students a unique learning experience in science, technology, medicine, management, and other areas of scholarship that will best serve the world and betterment of mankind".

SRMIST's engineering programs endeavor to be at the forefront of innovation. They also foster multi-disciplinary collaborations aimed at solving the most pressing global problems.

Our mission is to seek solutions to global challenges by using the power of engineering principles, techniques and systems. We believe that engineers should not only possess deep technical excellence, but also nurture creativity, cultural awareness and entrepreneurial skills that come from exposure to science, business, medicine and other disciplines – all integral part of the SRM experience.

Our goal is to deliver world class, solutions driven programs that inspire curiosity and generate new knowledge and discoveries. Our collaboration with over 50 of the world’s best universities and 215 corporates, strengthens our academic and research programs.


                                                                                                                                                                                   College of Engineering & Technology
                                                                                                                                                                                        Kattankulathur - Chennai
College of Engineering & Technology
In The Words Of Our Founder & Chancellor

TECH-TOWER-1

SRMIST’s engineering programs endeavor to be at the forefront of innovation. They also foster multi-disciplinary collaborations aimed at solving the most pressing global problems.

Our mission is to seek solutions to global challenges by using the power of engineering principles, techniques and systems. We believe that engineers should not only possess deep technical excellence, but also nurture creativity, cultural awareness and entrepreneurial skills that come from exposure to science, business, medicine and other disciplines – all integral part of the SRM experience.

Our goal is to deliver world class, solutions driven programs that inspire curiosity and generate new knowledge and discoveries. Our collaboration with over 50 of the world’s best universities and 215 corporates, strengthens our academic and research programs.

More on CET

Department of Mathematics and Statistics:

Dr. T. V. Gopal
Dean – CET, Kattankulathur
E: dean.cet@srmist.edu.in

Department of Mathematics:

Associate Professor & Head In-Charge: Dr. V. Subburayan

Courses offered in undergraduate level:

B.S. Mathematics:
Duration : 4 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 55,000

B.Sc. Mathematics:
Duration : 3 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ INR 45,000

B.Ed Mathematics:   
Annual Fees: INR 50,000
Duration : 2 Years
Sanctioned Intake: information not available

B.S Mathematics: 
Annual Fees: INR 55,000
Duration: 4 Years
Sanctioned Intake: 30

Courses offered in Postgraduate level:

M.Sc. Applied Mathematics & Data Analytics (Integrated):
Annual fees: Information not available 
Duration: 5 years
Sanctioned intake: Information not available 

M.Sc. Mathematics:

Annual Fees: INR 30,000
Duration : 2 Years
Sanctioned Intake: 50

Research (Ph.d) :

Associate Professor and Head : Dr. M.Shanmuga Sundari.
 
Sree varsha:
College of Engineering & Technology
                                                                                                                                                                           Kattankulathur - Chennai
Dean: Dr. T. V. Gopal
CET, Kattankulathur.

About The Department:
The department of Electrical and Electronics Engineering came into existence in the academic year 1992-1993 as one of the core Engineering branches and key entities of SRM Engineering College under the affiliation of the University of Madras.
 Since then, there has been consistent development in all spheres including infrastructure facilities, staff development and student development. The programmes offered by the department under the University of Madras were brought under the ambit of Anna University from the academic year 2001 to 2002. The department has started functioning under SRM Institute of Science and Technology (Deemed University) from the academic year 2003 to 2004.
The department now offers B. Tech (Electrical and Electronics Engineering), B. Tech (Electrical and Computer Engineering), M. Tech – Power Electronics and Drives, M. Tech – Power Systems and Ph.D programme under the College of Engineering and Technology, SRMIST. The B.Tech in Electrical and Electronics Engineering programme at Kattankulathur Campus is accredited by Engineering Accreditation Commission of ABET, https://www.abet.org and the National Board of Accreditation (NBA). The department has over 70 faculty members in the diverse fields of Electrical Engineering. The department is also recognized with AICTE-CII Award for Best Industry linked Institute for Electrical Engineering and Allied category, for the academic year 2019-2020.

CHAIRMAN
Dr.K.Vijayakumar
Professor & Head 

Electrical & Electronics Engineering
Dr. K. Vijayakumar
Professor & Head.

Courses offered : 

Undergraduate

B.Tech – Electrical & Electronics Engineering
Duration : 4 Years 
Annual Fees : ₹ 2,50,000

Postgraduate:
M.Tech – Power Electronics and Drives
Sanctioned Intake: 12
Annual Fees: ₹1,60,000
Duration: 2 Years

M.Tech – Power Systems
Sanctioned intake: 12
Duration : 2 Years 
Annual Fees : ₹ 1,60,000

Research:
Ph.D in Electrical & Electronics Engineering (Full Time)
Duration : 3-5 Years 
Initial Semester Fees: ₹30,000
Annual Fees : ₹ 30,000

Anshika Bhatnaagr : Mechanical Engineering 

Kattankulathur - Chennai
Dean: Dr. T. V. Gopal
CET, Kattankulathur.

 B tech - : Mechanical Engineering
Duration : 4 Years 
Annual Fees : ₹ 2,50,000

Research:
Ph.D in Mechanical Engineering (Full Time)
Duration : 3-5 Years 
Initial Semester Fees: ₹30,000
Annual Fees : ₹ 30,000

PROGRAM LEVEL:

B. Tech – Artificial Intelligence;
Duration : 4 Years  
Annual Fees : ? 4,00,000


B.Tech – Computer Science And Engineering with Specialization in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning
Duration : 4 Years 
Annual Fees : ? 4,50,000

B.Tech – Computer Science And Engineering with Specialization in Software Engineering
Duration : 4 Years 
Annual Fees : ? 3,50,000


Integrated M.Tech – Artificial Intelligence
Annual Fees : ? 4,00,000

Postgraduate:
M.Tech – Power Electronics and Drives
Sanctioned Intake: 12
Annual Fees: ₹1,60,000
Duration: 2 Years

M.Tech – Power Systems
Sanctioned intake: 12
Duration : 2 Years 
Annual Fees : ₹ 1,60,000

Infrastructure:

Computer Technology Lab
Programming Language Lab
Software Quality Lab
Software Development Lab
Centre for AI
AI Robo Lab
AI/DL Lab Based On NVIDIA DGX A100
Accelerated AI Computing Lab

The Department of Mechanical Engineering, established in 1985, is one of the pioneering departments of SRM IST. The present faculty strength is 118 off which 62  are with PhD and the rest are on the verge of completion. More than 1200+ research papers have been published in leading international journals with high impact factor and more than 1000 papers have been presented in international conferences.

The department is functionally divided into three broad areas of specialization: (i) Design (ii) Manufacturing and (iii) Thermal. The department also offers Doctoral programs in these three areas of specializations. The National Board of Accreditation has accredited the Mechanical Engineering programme for six years from the year 2021 to 2027. The B.Tech. – Mechanical Engineering program at Kattankulathur campus is accredited by the Engineering Accreditation Commission of ABET, https://www.abet.org

The department offers Semester Abroad Program for our UG students in which they will begiven the opportunity of a lifetime to spend a semester at some of the best universities in the world such as – Carnegie Mellon, Northeastern University, SUNNY Buffalo, University of Wisconsin, UC Berkeley, George Mason, New Hampshire, Lille Catholic University, University of Western Australia, Western Ontario, Queen’s University and many others.


Swetha:

College: SRM university of science and technology, KTR.

Department: Department of Food Process Engineering.
             
Food Process Engineering is a multidisciplinary professional field that interprets the application of engineering principles in food 
matrix, and mathematical solutions to food manufacturing and operations, including processing, production, handling, storage, conservation, 
control, packaging and distribution of food products.

Food engineers apply this knowledge to the cost-effective design, production, and commercialization of sustainable, safe, nutritious, 
healthy, appealing, affordable and high-quality ingredients and foods. As well as also to the development of food systems, machinery,
and instrumentation. 

The main focus of our department into processing and preservation, which involved stabilizing and sterilizing foods, preventing spoilage,
and preserving nutrients in food for prolonged periods of time.


Vision:

To educate and train the students about the advanced and emerging techniques in the area of Food Process Engineering so as to serve as
technologists, managers, Food safety officers, Auditors and Entrepreneurs of the food industries and to emerge as a centre of excellence
in training, research, outreach and consultancy services in the food industrial sector with a focus on the value addition of agricultural produce,
food bioprocessing and technology, nutraceuticals, phyto medicine, food nutrition, food quality and safety.

Mission:

To produce trained technical manpower of the highest standard in the field of food safety and quality, Food and Nutritional Biotechnology sector.

To re-orient and develop safe food products by applying fundamental and applied technologies.

To provide solutions to the problems and leadership in the areas of education, training and research.

To provide an Industry consultancy program for start-up food industries, micro, medium and small-scale industries.


Postgraduate program:


M.Tech – Food and Nutritional Biotechnology
Duration : 2 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 1,60,000
Head of the Department: Dr. P. Gurumoorthi


M.Tech – Food Safety and Quality Management
Duration : 2 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 1,60,000
Head of the Department: Dr. P. Gurumoorthi


Ph.D program:


Ph.D in Food Process Engineering(Full Time)
Duration : 3-5 Years | Annual Fees: ₹ 30,000
Head of the Department: Dr. P. Gurumoorthi

college name: Srm college of agriculture and science.


Department: MBA(Master of Business Administration)

The MBA Curriculum at the Faculty of Management, SRM includes a variety of subjects tailored to the need of the current market trend
and is frequently updated with new content. The aim is to enhance the knowledge of the students in the field of management, leadership,
analytical problem-solving and decision-making skills, current affairs, and the business world. The school’s teaching and learning methods
not only focus on teaching theory and facts but also reinforce the individuals to become lifelong learners and to be experts in their
respective areas of interest.


Vision:


To be a renowned Business School in Asia that impacts Business, Society and Environment

Debriefing the Strategic Vision

The vision of the College of Management, SRM IST, KAttankulathur Campus is to be recognized as one of the leading business schools in Asia 
that is highly responsive to the needs of the industry, local community, regional and national agenda.

To attain the Vision the Business programs offered by the College of Management, align with the Financial, Technology, Health, and Environment
sectors.


Mission:


Advancing knowledge and practice through research, innovation and collaboration for the progress of students and to positively impact the stakeholders,
business, community and environment

College of Management, KTR campus is committed to be a transformational leader in Advancing knowledge through Teaching, Research and Institutional Services
Developing well-structured innovative programs and extraordinary experiences that help students succeed in attaining their career goals
Creating value through collaborative minds that could ethically and positively impact the business, community and the environment
Sustaining a collegiate environment that employs Innovative and best practices that contributes to institutional development and growth.


Postgraduate program:


MBA
Annual Fees-INR 3,85,000
Duration-2 Years
Syllabus-https://www.srmist.edu.in/program/m-b-a-business-administration/


M.B.A. Banking and Financial Services
Annual Fees-INR 3,85,000
Duration-2 Years
Syllabus-https://www.srmist.edu.in/program/m-b-a-banking-and-financial-services/


M.B.A. Artificial Intelligence and Data Science
Annual Fees-INR 3,85,000
Duration-2 Years
Syllabus-https://www.srmist.edu.in/program/m-b-a-artificial-intelligence-and-data-science/


M.B.A. Digital Marketing
Annual Fees-INR 3,85,000
Duration-2 Years
Syllabus-https://www.srmist.edu.in/program/m-b-a-digital-marketing/


M.B.A. Business Analytics
Annual Fees-INR 3,85,000
Duration-2 Years
Syllabus-https://www.srmist.edu.in/program/m-b-a-business-analytics/


M.B.A. Health Care and Hospital Management
Annual Fees-INR 3,85,000
Duration-2 Years
Syllabus-https://www.srmist.edu.in/program/m-b-a-health-care-and-hospital-management/

preethi

                                    DEPARTMENT  OF MATHEMATICS AND STATATICS 
ABOUT THE DEPARTMENT :

The Department of Mathematics and Statistics offers B.Sc. Statistics, B.Sc. MEC (Triple major UG Programme), Ph. D degree programme and various courses to different streams. A student of the Department of Mathematics and Statistics with good analytical skills and logical reasoning can excel in his/her walk of life. The Department of Mathematics and Statistics focuses on pure, applied and applicable mathematics, catering to students of various backgrounds to help them understand their potential and enrich their careers. The department offers supporting and optional courses for science, commerce and business administration students. The curriculum has been designed with an emphasis on real world applications.

PROGRAMS 

UNDERGRADUATE 

B.S Mathematics
Duration : 4 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 55,000

B.Sc. Mathematics
Duration : 3 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 45,000

B.Sc. Statistics
Duration : 3 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 35,000

BA-Psychology, English & Journalism & Mass Communication
Duration : 3 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 65,000

POST GRADUATE 

B.S Mathematics
Duration : 4 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 55,000

B.Sc. Mathematics
Duration : 3 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 45,000

B.Sc. Statistics
Duration : 3 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 35,000

BA-Psychology, English & Journalism & Mass Communication
Duration : 3 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 65,000

M.Sc. Applied Mathematics & Data Analytics (Integrated)
Duration : 5 Years

INTEGRATED COURSE

B.S Mathematics
Duration : 4 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 55,000

B.Sc. Mathematics
Duration : 3 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 45,000

B.Sc. Statistics
Duration : 3 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 35,000

BA-Psychology, English & Journalism & Mass Communication
Duration : 3 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 65,000

M.Sc. Applied Mathematics & Data Analytics (Integrated)
Duration : 5 Years

M.Sc. Mathematics
Duration : 2 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 30,000 

Vision/Mission
Vision/Mission

The core objectives of the department are to impart students with logical thinking, analytical reasoning and problem-solving skills; to equip them with more technical skills and scientific computing techniques based on mathematical methods to meet the growing demand in the industrial, marketing and communication sectors; to widen their horizon of knowledge with a focus on research papers; focus on value-based education for intellectual enhancement to suit the context of globalization; introduce a realistic application of Mathematics in related sciences; and to enable the student to appreciate the intrinsic aspects of Mathematics. 
contact us
Department Of Mathematics And Statistics
Department Of Mathematics and Statistics
College of Science and Humanities, SRM Institute of Science and Technology,
Kattankulathur – 603203

044 2741 7777 EXTN-4101
hod.dom.ktr@srmist.edu.in


DEPARTMENT OF PHYSICAL EDUCATION  
   
About The Department

Department of Physical Education & Sports Sciences & Department of Yoga. Consist of one Director (Sports) and Seven Faculty Members . All Faculty Members are having Ph.D degrees. Programs Offered

UNDERGRADUATE

B.Sc. Physical Education, Health Education and Sports
Duration : 3 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 25,000

POSTGRADUATE

M.Phil. Physical Education
Duration : 2 Years

DIPLOMA

B.Sc. Physical Education, Health Education and Sports
Duration : 3 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 25,000

B.Sc. Physical Education, Health Education and Sports
Duration : 3 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 25,000

M.Phil. Physical Education
Duration : 2 Years

FACULTY

Teaching environment and quality are central to SRMIST’s capabilities profile. Our Professors are the reason for our continued ability to foster vibrant and value adding learning experiences for our students. The success of our students’ in terms of their learning and overall development enabled by our faculty members is an area of focus of Leadership at SRMIST. Many opportunities are provided to our faculty members to conduct research and engage with the industry in consultancy and other projects. This platform brings to our faculty members an opportunity to expand their knowledge contribution as well as bring those rich experiential inputs to the classrooms and labs therefore benefiting our students.

INFRASTRUCTURE

5 – Volleyball Courts with Flood Lit (Outdoor)
4 – Basketball Concrete Courts with Flood Lit (Outdoor)
2 – Tennis Synthetic Courts with Flood Lit (Outdoor)
4 – Ball Badminton Courts with Flood Lit (Outdoor)
2 – Indoor Stadiums ( 1- AC Multipurpose Indoor)
400 meters – Standard Track & Field with Flood Lit
6 – Badminton Synthetic Courts (Indoor)
2 – Football Fields (1 Turf)
2 – Hockey Fields
1 – International Standard Swimming Pool (Under Construction)
1 – Cricket Field (Turf Wicket) Under Construction

Call Us At

T: +91-44- 27417000, +91-44-27417777


Information Center
M: 080 6908 7000 | E: infodesk@srmist.edu.in


Dharshini


MECHATRONICS ENGINEERING:

About The Department:

The department of Mechatronics Engineering at SRM Institute of Science and Technology was started in the year 2005, first of its kind in private university in India with a vision to impart multidisciplinary skills and knowledge to the students which is a most sought skill at present. The advancement of Robotics, automation, industry 4.0 has increased the demand and reach of mechatronics engineering. The department offers multiple programs with key emphasis on experiential learning.

The department is known for its state of the art facilities and multi domain faculties making the program unique in our university. The department, apart from the regular program, is engaged in many other activities such as industrial consultancy, industrial training, academic and industry-collaborated research, organizing workshops, seminars and conferences. The department has four main academic laboratories equipped with modern industrial standard items such as industrial collaborative robot arm, autonomous mobile robots, mixed signal oscilloscopes, advanced control plants, advanced pneumatics systems, programmable logic controllers, embedded controllers, real-time controllers, machine vision systems, high precision test and measurement equipment’s.

The laboratories also host a number of engineering software for design, analysis and simulation of mechatronics systems. Faculty members from different domains of engineering with many specialized in mechatronics engineering becomes one of the unique strength of our department. With more than a decade of existence, our alumni is working around the globe in reputed companies/institutions which further adds feather to our success.

ANNUAL FEES FOR UNDERGRADUATE

 B.Tech – Mechatronics Engineering
Duration : 4 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 2,50,000

B.Tech – Mechatronics Engineering with Specialization in Robotics
Duration : 4 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 2,50,000

ANNUAL FEES FOR POSTGRADUATE

M.Tech – Mechatronics Engineering
Duration : 2 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 1,60,000

PHD

Ph.D in Mechatronics Engineering (Full Time)
Duration : 3-5 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 30,000

Faculty

Teaching environment and quality are central to SRMIST’s capabilities profile. Our Professors are the reason for our continued ability to foster vibrant and value adding learning experiences for our students. The success of our students’ in terms of their learning and overall development enabled by our faculty members is an area of focus of Leadership at SRMIST. Many opportunities are provided to our faculty members to conduct research and engage with the industry in consultancy and other projects. This platform brings to our faculty members an opportunity to expand their knowledge contribution as well as bring those rich experiential inputs to the classrooms and labs therefore benefiting our students


Infrastructure

The laboratories are academic as well as research-oriented. The research laboratories take up external and internal funded projects, involved in various research activities which help to equip the students with practical and research skills. The laboratories of the department are equipped with modern industrial standard items such as industrial collaborative robot arm, autonomous mobile robots, mixed-signal oscilloscopes, advanced control plants, advanced pneumatics systems, programmable logic controllers, embedded controllers, real-time controllers, machine vision systems, HIL systems high precision test and measurement equipment. The laboratories also host a number of engineering software for the design, analysis and simulation of mechatronics systems.

Research Laboratories:

Motion Analysis Lab
Smart Actuators Lab
Autonomous systems Lab
Mechatronics Laboratory
Signal Processing and embedded control laboratory
Sensors and Actuators Laboratory
Electronics Devices and circuits laboratory
Post Graduate Lab

contact

Department Of Mechatronics Engineering
Main Campus, SRM Institute of Science and Technology,
(Opp. to Potheri Railway Station)
Kattankulathur – 603203

044 27417826/044 2741 7866
hod.mtronics.ktr@srmist.edu.in




GENITIC ENGINEERING

About The Department:

The Department of Genetic engineering is one of the top notches in the School of Bioengineering, SRMIST, which facilitates cutting edge research in modern biology. We are committed to training budding scientists who pursue a greater understanding of the biological processes and manipulation of these processes for more excellent benefits at the lowest environmental and economic costs. Genetic Engineering is the backbone of biotechnology.

The opportunities for a genetic engineer in clinical, pharma, genetic counselling, gene therapy and applied genetics are boundless. The department aims to produce genetic engineers who excel in genomics and gene editing. The department has brought together state of the art laboratories and a highly experienced and dedicated team of faculty. Our faculty members have garnered extramural research funding of INR 21.83 Crores. The department takes immense care to impart knowledge in a highly interactive mode, hands-on training in advanced molecular biology techniques and cutting-edge research opportunities. Since 2004, We have been producing students readily acceptable for research and industry environments. Next to MBBS, our programs are the most sorted programs for biology students in India and abroad.

Composition, Constitution And Functions:

The Board of Studies (BoS) is the basic constituent of the academic system of an Institute. It is responsible for framing the content of various courses, reviewing and updating the content from time to time, introducing new courses of study etc.

Composition of board of studies:

The Head of the Department as Chairman.
Professor / Associate Professor / Assistant Professor of the Department.
One subject expert (ACADEMIC) nominated by the Dean (CET) on the recommendation of the Head of concerned Department.
Experts should be from (i) IISc / IITs / NITs / other reputed academic Institutions (Government / Aided)
One subject expert (R&D / INDUSTRY) nominated by the Dean (CET) on the recommendation of the Head of concerned Department.
Experts should be from Central / State Organization / R&D labs or from the Industry
In addition to the above members, One Senior Alumni (ACADEMIC / R&D / INDUSTRY) to be co-opted by the BoS nominated by the Dean (CET) in consultation with Head of the Department. (Alumni Members should be at least 5 years of experience in the relevant field).
One or two Student members studying in the department.

constitutions and functions of board of studies:

The BoS shall be constituted by the department for a period of THREE years.
The meetings of the BoS shall be arranged at least TWICE IN A YEAR.
The members of the BoS will be nominated by the Dean (CET)  from the expect list  recommended by the Head of the department.
In the absence of the Chairman (BoS), the senior member of the BoS will act as Chairman with the Dean CET’s approval.
Functions of the Board of Studies:
Prepare curriculum for the programme by keeping in mind the Programme Educational Objectives.
Prepare syllabi for various courses based on the course outcomes, programme outcomes and the objectives of the programme, interest of the stakeholders and national requirement for consideration and submitting for approval in the Academic Council.
Suggest methodologies for innovative teaching and evaluation techniques.
Ensure the updation of state of the art research, adoption of technology for enabling better teaching learning methodologies and other best academic practices into the curriculum and syllabus.

International Advisory Board Members:


Dr. Rajasingh Johnson
Associate professor 
Memphis
Bioscience Research
327e Johnson Building
Memphis tn 381632109
Phone Number: (901)448-3358
Email: rjohn186@uthsc.edu

Prof.Hannele Ruohola-Baker
Professor
Department of Biochemistry
Associate Director, Institute for Stem Cell and Regenerative Medicine University of Washington UW Medicine at South Lake Union, S580 850 Republican Street Seattle, WA 98109 Lab Phone: (206)543-1710 Office Phone:(206)-543-8468, Fax: (206)-685-1357
Email: hannele@u.washington.edu

Dr. Ramasamy Perumal
Associate Professor (Sorghum Breeding) Kansas State University,  Agricultural Research Center (ARC) 1232 240th Street, Hays, Phone: 785 625 3425 Extn: 216 (office); 785 340 5235 (mobile) Fax: 785 623 4369
Email: perumal@ksu.edu

P.V. Vara Prasad
Director,
Sustainable Intensification Innovation Lab
University Distinguished Professor, Crop Ecophysiology
R.O. Kruse Professorship in Agriculture
Past President, Crop Science Society of America

ENGINEERING ASSOCIATION DETAILS

Genetic Engineering Association was started by the Department in the year 2007 to inculcate in students the importance of working together as a team and to imbibe in them the need for creating awareness on issues persisting in the society and to make them contribute in their own small way for the betterment of society. Understanding the essence and need for quality research in students was a priority of the Association and every year Research Symposium was conducted to instill in them the motivation to perform quality research.  
President, Vice-President and Treasurer were selected from the Faculty and General Secretary was elected from fourth year B.Tech students. Joint secretaries from each year of the B.Tech batches and one from M.Tech batch were also elected to support the General Secretary to assist in carrying out the Association activities.
Genetic Engineering Research Symposium for B.Tech and M.Tech students and Rare Disease day on last day of February every year was regularly celebrated every year and co-curricular and extracurricular activities of the students within the Department were also coordinated.
Scientific competitions among students, symposium, workshops and invited lectures were also conducted to ignite the youn minds of the Department.

EVENTS CONDUCTED :

Rare Disease Day is usually celebrated on 28th February was initially organized by a union of doctors and scientists in different countries to spread awareness and shed light on various rare genetic disorders afflicting several people globally. However, Genetic Engineering Association, Department of Genetic Engineering in association with Cambrionics Life, a student startup, conducted an event on Rare Disease day on March 17, 2017, March 1st, 2018 and Feb 28th, 2019. The aim of the activity was to create awareness about various rare diseases to the Department students and to other students of SRM University. 
One day Genetic Engineering Research Symposium is conducted every year between May-June to felicitate and award outstanding research projects of IV year B.Tech (8th Sem) and II year M.Tech students (4th Sem) to encourage and instill in them the significance of research contributions and its role in society. Oral presentation and Poster presentation awards are given to both UG and PG students.

Department Of Genetic Engineering

School of Bioengineering, SRM Institute of Science and Technology,
Kattankulathur – 603203

044 27417817/044 27417857
hod.gene.ktr@srmist.edu.in

Computerscience 


Department of Computer Science:
College of Science & Humanities
Department of Computer Science
About The Department
The Department of Computer Science, College of Science and Humanities, SRM Institute of Science and Technology strive to shape outstanding computer professionals with values to reshape the nation’s destiny. Where, you’ll learn sought after computing skills, Develop expertise in computing with a strong programming focus. The hands-on project-based approach will aid in developing the technical skills needed for a successful career in the Software Industry

___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
b.ed computer science
Campus Kattankulathur (KTR)
Sanctioned Intake
Annual Fees
INR 50,000
Duration
M.Tech. Computer Science and Engineering (Great Learning)
 Home
College of Engineering & Technology
Department of Computing Technologies
M.Tech. Computer Science and Engineering (Great Learning)
Campus
Kattankulathur (KTR)
Sanctioned Intake
60
Fees (Annual)
INR 1,25,000
Duration
2 Years2 Years
___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
M.Sc. Computer Science
College of Science & Humanities
Department of Computer Science
M.Sc. Computer Science
Campus
Kattankulathur (KTR)
Sanctioned Intake
40
Annual Fees
60,000
Duration
2 Years
___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
B.Sc. Computer Science
College of Science & Humanities
Department of Computer Science
B.Sc. Computer Science
Campus
Kattankulathur (KTR)
Sanctioned Intake
100
Annual Fees
85,000
Duration
3 Years
About The Department:
The Department of Computer Science, Faculty of Science and Humanities, SRM Institute of Science and Technology strives to shape outstanding computer professionals with values to reshape nation’s destiny. The training imparted aims to prepare young minds for the challenging opportunities in the IT industry with a global awareness rooted in the Indian soil, nourished and supported by experts in the field. The Computer Science Dept at SRM offers a flexible curriculum designed to allow students to explore their own interests in increasing depth. The department has a strong commitment to excellence in undergraduate and postgraduate education. The curriculum is intensive and hands-on, with an emphasis on theory that distinguishes our degree from most other colleges and institutes. One of the vibrant departments in Faculty of Science and Humanities, it has over 300 students and 14 dedicated staff members. Our faculty, students, staff and alumni are central to our success as one of the most thriving and sought after department in SRM.
Eligibility For B.Sc. Computer Science:
A pass in 10 + 2 (Higher Secondary) with Mathematics / Business Mathematics / Statistics / Allied Mathematics as one of the core subjects.

(OR)

A pass in Diploma in Engineering (10+3 / 10+2+2 Pattern) recognized by the Government/ Competent Authority. (Minimum Aggregate of 50%)
___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
B.Tech. Computer Science And Engineering (Data Science):
College of Engineering & Technology
Department of Computing Technologies
B.Tech. Computer Science And Engineering (Data Science)
Campus
Kattankulathur (KTR)
Sanctioned Intake
120
Annual Fees
INR 3,50,000
Duration
4 Years
B.Tech. Computer Science Engineering (Data Science)
Data science has evolved as one of the pioneering and most promising in-demand career avenues. This interdisciplinary field amalgamates the deployment of scientific methodologies to transform the extract knowledge from the data into tangible business insights. The field of Data science covers a very broad spectrum of technologies to facilitate the understanding of technical results from the enormous data. The department offers B.Tech CSE with specialization in Data Science to facilitate the students to emerge as skilled professionals capable of mining business values from data by leveraging the statistical and analytical techniques.

___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
M.Tech. Computer Science and Engineering (Great Learning):
College of Engineering & Technology
Department of Computing Technologies
M.Tech. Computer Science and Engineering (Great Learning)
Campus
Kattankulathur (KTR)
Sanctioned Intake
60
Fees (Annual)
INR 1,25,000
Duration
2 Years
M.Tech. Computer Science And Engineering (Great Learning)
M.Tech in Computer Science and Engineering is a two-year post-graduate programme designed for engineers working in various fields to enhance their knowledge and skills with latest technology developments in Computer Science and Information Technology and related fields. This course offers advanced knowledge of core fundaments in Data Structures and Algorithms, Computer networking, Database systems, Computer System Architecture, Software Engineering and a wide range of optional subjects involving latest technologies and tools. One full semester is set apart for doing quality project work, with research focus. This enhances students’ knowledge and also makes them job-focussed.
Eligibility
(A basic degree or equivalent in the following with a minimum aggregate of 50%)

___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
B.Tech – Computer Science and Engineering:
College of Engineering & Technology
Department of Computing Technologies
B.Tech – Computer Science and Engineering
Campus
Kattankulathur (KTR)
Sanctioned Intake
1140
Annual Fees
INR 4,00,000
Duration
4 Years
Eligibility For B.Tech Programme
(a) Nationality and Age

Resident Indian or Non-Resident Indian (NRI), holder of PIO or OCI card issued by Government of India are eligible to apply for SRMJEEE (UG).

Note: NRIs, holders of PIO or OCI card issued by Government of India who has not taken the SRMJEEE (UG) must apply under International student category only.

Should have attained the age of 16 years and 6 months on the 31st July of the calendar year in which the 12th Board examination is to be held (source).

(b) Qualifying Examination:

All B.Tech programmes :

Minimum 50% aggregate in PCM

(i) Passed in Higher secondary examination (10+2 pattern ) or appearing in Higher Secondary examination in the current academic year with Physics and Mathematics as compulsory subjects along with one of the Chemistry/ Biotechnology/ Biology/ Technical Vocational subject/ Computer Science/ Information Technology/ Informatics Practices/ Agriculture/ Engineering Graphics/ Business Studies as major subjects in regular stream from any state board within India, CBSE, ISCE, Matriculation, or NIOS

Note: Students who have completed +2 under NIOS must have completed the 10th standard from regular schooling or vice-versa. (source)

(ii) GCE A-level or International Baccalaureate(IB) diploma or IB certificate with Physics and Mathematics as compulsory subjects along with one of the Chemistry/ Biotechnology/ Biology/ Technical Vocational subject/ Computer Science/ Information Technology/ Informatics Practices/ Agriculture/ Engineering Graphics/ Business Studies as major subjects (equivalent to Advanced Placement level in each subject) in any International schools within India.

(c) SRMJEEE (UG)

Candidates who have attempted Physics, Chemistry, Mathematics, English & Aptitude in SRMJEEE(UG) are eligible for all the B.Tech Degree Programs

(d) Direct Admission

To encourage and support students of exemplary talent, SRM Institute of Science and Technology (formerly known as SRM University) offers direct admission and scholarships to first rank students of all the central and state boards in India, top 10,000 rankers in IIT JEE, top rankers in each district of Tamil Nadu and exemplary sports persons at National and International level.

*******************************************************************************************************************

Career Development Centre / Softskills

About The Career Development Centre
The Career Development Centre at the SRM Institute of Science and Technology (formerly known as SRM University) understands the throb of the corporate world and encourages young brains to prepare for future opportunities. Since its inception in 2007, talents go barely unrecognized in SRM as we leave no stone unturned. CDC ensures that our students are well-placed in reputed companies.

About The Career Development Centre
The Career Development Centre at the SRM Institute of Science and Technology (formerly known as SRM University) understands the throb of the corporate world and encourages young brains to prepare for future opportunities. Since its inception in 2007, talents go barely unrecognized in SRM as we leave no stone unturned. CDC ensures that our students are well-placed in reputed companies.

CDC tracks academic progress, and identify students’ interest and potential, to pursue their passion, and achieve their career goals. Career Development Centre consists of dynamic and proactive minds, among our dedicated faculties, there are 11 Ph.D. awardees, and 24 on-going Ph.D. who provide mindful guidance to the students on creating a clear career plan, and setting SMART goals in developing future professionals. CDC also focuses on inculcating basic managerial skills and also enhances social responsibility in young engineers’ minds, by delivering Management Principles for Engineers and Social Engineering. The Holistic development achieved makes SRM graduates distinguished individuals in the professional world.

The team also ensures students are counseled on a regular basis to help them focus with a proper growth mindset. We are one of the pioneers in the country to internalize skills for professional success as a curriculum for Students. Career Development Centre services include:

Preliminary and self-enhancement career through –SOFT SKILLS
Initiates students to get exposure to placement tests and also to crack other competitive examinations like CAT, GATE, GRE, and GMAT through- QUANTITATIVE & VERBAL APTITUDE TRAINING.
Assistance to final-year students in securing employment through entrepreneurship.
Exclusive ONLINE PORTAL, designed and created by our faculty facilitates learning through LMS and conducts assessment tests with a database of around 50000 questions.
Pre-Final year students are offered technical training based on industry requirements.
The training provided results in an excellent placement track record to date.
Hence could achieve: 100000 + hours of professional skills training by dedicated faculty and trained more than 60000 students

CDC tracks academic progress, and identify students’ interest and potential, to pursue their passion, and achieve their career goals. Career Development Centre consists of dynamic and proactive minds, among our dedicated faculties, there are 11 Ph.D. awardees, and 24 on-going Ph.D. who provide mindful guidance to the students on creating a clear career plan, and setting SMART goals in developing future professionals. CDC also focuses on inculcating basic managerial skills and also enhances social responsibility in young engineers’ minds, by delivering Management Principles for Engineers and Social Engineering. The Holistic development achieved makes SRM graduates distinguished individuals in the professional world.

The team also ensures students are counseled on a regular basis to help them focus with a proper growth mindset. We are one of the pioneers in the country to internalize skills for professional success as a curriculum for Students. Career Development Centre services include:

Preliminary and self-enhancement career through –SOFT SKILLS
Initiates students to get exposure to placement tests and also to crack other competitive examinations like CAT, GATE, GRE, and GMAT through- QUANTITATIVE & VERBAL APTITUDE TRAINING.
Assistance to final-year students in securing employment through entrepreneurship.
Exclusive ONLINE PORTAL, designed and created by our faculty facilitates learning through LMS and conducts assessment tests with a database of around 50000 questions.
Pre-Final year students are offered technical training based on industry requirements.
The training provided results in an excellent placement track record to date.
Hence could achieve: 100000 + hours of professional skills training by dedicated faculty and trained more than 60000 students
___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

Commerce

About The Department
The Department of Commerce has been in existence for more than a decade, as a department, it’s been recognized as an esteemed member for the major contributing role in the growth and development of the College of Science and Humanities. With just 21 students in 2005, the department has seen tremendous growth over a decade accommodating more than 951 students in the field of commerce through various courses namely B. Com (Gen, ISM, Hons) and M.com and Research.

A dynamic curriculum in consonance with academics and industry experts provides the students with opportunities to master new skills and explore diverse perspectives. Apart from the conventional classroom setup, SRM emphasis on practical learning as students partakes in case studies, sessions with industry experts, live projects, etc. The institute’s thrust on meaningful research is evident through the credentials and accomplishments of its faculty that has publications Scopus listed journals of repute. In a short span of time, SRM has strengthened its position in the corporate world, with its students contributing to the illustrious business organizations of the country.

The distinct way of the education system; gives a prominence concern not only on academics but also to the all-inclusive development of individuals. Where the reach on learning exposure is highly appraised by distinct ways, like industrial visits to various institutions and also through co-curricular activities which are organised by student association of the department known as Merx-Mercis, which host clubs and events to portray the potential and to exhibit the talent of each student.


Vision
Man has become civilized only through trade and transport.
Commerce has become part and parcel of every common man’s life since ages.
Life without commerce is like an eye without vision.
Department of Commerce has set its vision to introduce commerce as one of the basic subjects in all other possible departments and to set clear eyesight to look at the world in a new vision.


Mission
The department aspires to become a full-fledged research department and also proposes to introduce Certificate and Diploma courses to fulfill the gap between academics and industry. The Department wishes to fulfill all the salient features to become one of the best departments in India. The Department Mission is also to witness an overall development among the faculty members coping to meet the essential commodities of teaching.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

B.Com Commerce

Campus
Kattankulathur (KTR)
Sanctioned Intake
200
Annual Fees
INR 85,000
Duration
3 Years

About The Department
The Department of Commerce has been in existence for more than a decade, as a department it’s been recognised as, an esteem member for the major contribution role in growth and development of the faculty of Science and Humanities. Accommodating more than 910 students, the department enrols the students to the field of commerce through the courses specifically known as B.com, M.com and Research. Apart from this, it offers globally acclaimed courses like International Accounting and Finance embedded with ACCA (UK), Professional accounting embedded with CIMA (UK) and Strategic Finance embedded with CMA (USA).

Eligibility For B.Com Commerce
10 + 2 (Higher Secondary) with Commerce, Accountancy . (Minimum Aggregate of 50%)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

M.Com Commerce
 
Campus
Kattankulathur (KTR)
Sanctioned Intake
30
Annual Fees
40,000
Duration
2 Years
About The Department
The Department of Commerce has been in existence for more than a decade, as a department it’s been recognised as, an esteem member for the major contribution role in growth and development of the faculty of Science and Humanities. Accommodating more than 910 students, the department enrols the students to the field of commerce through the courses specifically known as B.com, M.com and Research. Apart from this, it offers globally acclaimed courses like International Accounting and Finance embedded with ACCA (UK), Professional accounting embedded with CIMA (UK) and Strategic Finance embedded with CMA (USA).

Eligibility For M.Com Commerce
Any UG degree with Accountancy and Commerce as Major course (B.Com. any stream, BBM, BCS and BBA) (Minimum Aggregate of 50%)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bachelor of Commerce and Legum Baccalaureus (Honours)

Campus
Kattankulathur (KTR)
Sanctioned Intake
60
Annual Fees
INR 2,00,000
Duration
5 Years
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


B.Ed Commerce & Accounting

Campus
Kattankulathur (KTR)
Sanctioned Intake
Annual Fees
INR 50,000
Duration
2 Years

Department of Biochemistry


About the Department

The Department of Biochemistry was established in the year 1993. It offers B.Sc. Biochemistry and M.Sc. The Department has qualified and experienced faculty who strive to teach, train and guide the students to shine in their studies and careers. Biochemistry is a branch of science that deals with the structure, composition and reactions of biomolecules occurring inside the living system. The Programs offer great opportunity to understand the bio-molecules, molecular reactions and its functions. 

Scope of Biochemistry

Since the Programs are the combination of life science and medical science, they provide great scope in Cell biology, Nutritional Biochemistry, Biotechnology, Molecular Biology, Physiology, Immunology, and Clinical Biochemistry etc.


Vision

To achieve Academic brilliance by imparting in-depth knowledge about Biochemistry to the Students, help them to develop new path breaking research to make healthy Society and to prepare them to the ever-changing Industrial demand.


Mission

The Department of Biochemistry functioning with the Mission

To provide Quality Education to the Students with State-of-the-Art Laboratory and Hands-on Learning Methods to achieve eminence in their Study and Research.

To create the best environment that helps the Students and the Faculty to focus and enhance their study, career and problems solving skills.

To educate the students to realize their professional and Ethical Responsibilities in the society.

Courses Offered 

Msc. Biochemistry

Duration
2 years (Full Time)

Course Level
PG Degree

Sanctioned Intake
20

Total Tuition Fees
INR 1.20 Lakh

Campus 
SRM Kattankulathur


Department of Sociology

About the Department

The department has taken a skill-based approach to training students in analytical inquiry, intellectual and professional competencies, research skills, and capacities to deal with a variety of development aspects and social issues that affect communities without compromising society’s ethics, values and social justice. 


Scope of Social Works

The training pedagogy used to teach the students is a participatory learning method that will aid in bringing out their hidden potentials and applying skills for their professional development and advancement. The department has renowned faculty members who are consistent and committed to delivering their full potential to exhibit the talents of the students for their professional development.


Vision

Building social work professionals towards establishing a more egalitarian, equitable, and inclusive society.

Mission
• Enabling social work professionals to be an agent of social change.

• Equipping social work professionals with relevant employability skills to optimize their quality of life.

• Establishing dynamic and culturally competent social work professionals to understand and address social problems strategically at micro and macro levels.


Campus
Kattankulathur (KTR)

Sanctioned Intake
30

Annual Fees
INR 50,000

Duration
2 YearsArchitecture and Interior Design , English and foreign languages


School of Architecture and Interior Design


About The Department
The school advocates a design philosophy that draws inspiration from the rich cultural heritage of India while simultaneously embracing the latest developments in arts, science, engineering and technology, to produce Architects of international competence. The School Started in 1992 with the mission to educate students aspiring to become Architects, who will contribute to the socio-economic and cultural development of India and the broader global community through responsible participation in the process of design and creation of the built environment. The department has eminent faculty members, composed of experienced professors and practising architects specialising in diverse research areas such as Building Science, Digital Architecture, City Planning, Urban Design, Project Management, Housing, and Landscape Architecture. The department is associated with many foreign universities around the world through a semester abroad programme, a unique initiative that provides the students with international exposure and global opportunities. SAID – School of Architecture and Interior Design has taken various research initiatives over the years to mobilize the available knowledge resources for research and also, to come up strongly with innovative solutions. Currently, there are around 60 research scholars from various parts of the country doing cutting edge multidisciplinary research in the frontier areas of Architecture and allied domains.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

B.Arch – Architecture


B.Arch – Architecture
Campus
Kattankulathur (KTR)
Sanctioned Intake
80
Annual Fees
INR 2,75,000
Duration
5 Years

B.Arch - Architecture
The B.Arch. degree programme at SRM is recognized as one of India’s premier courses. The course, of 10-semester duration, is among the most comprehensive programmes in Architecture due to the thrust on contemporary issues such as sustainability, urban re-development etc. and continuous interaction with practicing architects of repute. It also offers a large number of elective studies, ensuring flexibility and choice-based education tailored to the areas of special interest to students, such as urban design, landscape architecture, housing, project management, city planning etc. The programme is approved by the Council of Architecture, New Delhi and was the first one in South India to be accredited by the National Board of Accreditation (AICTE), in 2001.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Ph.D in Architecture and Interior Design
 
College of Engineering & Technology
School of Architecture and Interior Design
Ph.D in Architecture and Interior Design
Campus
Kattankulathur (KTR)
Initial Semester Fees
INR 30,000
Duration
3-5 Years
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Department of English and Foreign Languages
 

About The Department
The Department of English and Foreign Languages provides students with the vital training to meet the demands of global communication. It helps them to develop proficiency in English and other languages. The department offers courses in English, Foreign Languages (German, Japanese, French, Korean, Chinese and Spanish), Value Education, and the Constitution of India to College of Engineering and Technology students. The courses are designed to allow engineering students to get credit for a language course and meet future professionals’ linguistic requirements.
Foreign language courses have been developed to ensure the integration of language, literature, and culture at all levels. It helps to achieve and maintain coherence at various levels in terms of developing students’ abilities in the following areas: language proficiency, cultural literacy, and critical and creative engagement. Many tech professionals find that knowing a foreign language gives them a distinct advantage over their technical colleagues as the world comes to India, and Indians make an impression in nations worldwide.

The Department has also established itself as a hub for research in language, literature, and interdisciplinary studies. The department has produced some of the most notable English language and literature professors, academics, and critics, each of whom has left an everlasting impression on students throughout generations.
The Department of EFL is established as a Centre for Global Immersion Program (CGIP) for ‘Tamilology’ (Tamil Language & Culture) and ‘Indology’ (Indian Languages and Cultures). This center offers certificate courses and short-term courses for non-Tamil international students through the Global Immersion Program.

Vision
To transform lives through fine education and research.

To nurture learners with proficiency skills in languages.

To produce thoughtful, informed and engaged global citizens for an inclusive humane society.


Mission
To foster critical thinking, by adopting new pedagogical methods that strive to empower students to compete globally, with values of equity and inclusion, and inculcate in them higher-order research skills through study of languages and culture.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

B.Ed English

Campus
Kattankulathur (KTR)
Sanctioned Intake
Annual Fees
INR 50,000
Duration
2 Years
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

M.A. English

Campus
Kattankulathur (KTR)
Sanctioned Intake
40
Annual Fees
INR 40,000
Duration
2 Years
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Other Foreign Languages

Language offered

FRENCH
The French language was introduced in SRMIST in the year 2006. Every year 1000 plus students learn the French language during their first year. We train students for Certification courses like DELF. We collaborated with the French embassy, and we used to get French natives in exchange for taking classes for our students. We train students to gain admission to foreign universities (on demand).


GERMAN
Around 1500 students learn German every year, and we plan to increase the footprint. Apart from language learning, students are allowed to take certification courses, and the tests are sent to Goethe Institute. Around 75 students attended the A1 level course, and 52 took the exam. In the session of the A2 level, 14 students participated in the course. Every year, students were trained in A1 level and A2 level courses to take the exam.


JAPANESE
Engineering students benefit significantly from instruction in the three Japanese scripts: Hiragana, Katakana and Kanji. As more and more Japanese clients seek software solutions from India, knowing the language is a definite advantage for fresh engineers who intend to join software companies. Four of our faculty attended the Teacher training programme offered by Japan Foundation (JENESYS), Urawa, Japan. Around 60 students participated in the JLPT N5 course the Department of English & Foreign Languages provided. Approximately 15 students attended the JLPT N4 course the Department of English & Foreign Languages offered. About 30 students participated in the MARUGOTO course by the Department of English & Foreign Languages. The native speakers and our faculty teach the courses.


CHINESE
Taiwan Education Center (TEC) at SRMIST was established by National Tsing Hua University and funded by the Taiwan Ministry of Education and Foreign Affairs of the Taiwan Government in 2016. The Taiwan Education Center at SRMIST (Known as TEC-SRMIST) offers Mandarin language courses and imparts different levels of lessons. Also, host the Chinese language proficiency test (TOCFL) for Indian students. TEC-SRM has collaborated with the department of English and foreign language at SRMIST since 2016. It not only conducts the mandatory credit course for SRMIST ENT students and opens certificate courses for all college students.


KOREAN
The Korean language was introduced in the year 2008 to Engineering students. Only native Korean speakers taught students from 2008 to till 2018. The blooming of small Korean firms in India motivates our students to choose Korean in academics.


SPANISH
Spanish was introduced in 2022 in addition to other languages in the Department of English & Foreign languages. Learning a foreign language is similar to embarking on a journey of discovery. The delight of discovery has always been associated with the Spanish language. The dedication and enthusiasm of the faculty assist students in reaching nothing less than perfection. They understand the significance of their culture and civilization as they learn to respect another culture significantly different from their own as a Foreign Language. Spanish is the primary language in 20 countries worldwide, and about 75 million people speak it as a second or foreign language. The Spanish language as a second language grew 60% higher, according to the 2020 edition of Spanish in the world by Instituto Cervantes.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Jenifer :

college name : College of Engineering & Technology
      

The Engineering and Technology faculty comprises of 7 Schools and 19 Departments. Each school is headed by a Dean and comprises various Departments of Engineering, clubbed on the basis of their domain expertise.
 

Department: Automobile Engineering


About The Department
The Department of Automobile Engineering at SRMIST, KTR Campus, started the journey in 2004 with a vision of being recognized as a department of international repute. Over the last 18 years, we have grown our expertise and competence in the core Automobile Engineering curriculum and research. We have a strong undergraduate and postgraduate program in automobile engineering with industry connections. The primary focus of our curriculum is to impart technical know-how to students and promote their problem-solving skills and innovation of new technologies. The Department offers a large number of elective courses in different domains for the students to pursue their interests.


Program level:

B.Tech – Automobile Engineering
Duration : 4 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 2,50,000

B.Tech – Automobile Engineering with Specialization in Automotive Electronics
Duration : 4 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 2,50,000

B.Tech. Automobile Engineering with Specialization in Vehicles Testing(GARC)
Duration : 4 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 2,50,000

B.Tech. Automotive Engineering with Specialization in Electric & Hybrid Vehicles(ARAI)
Duration : 4 | Annual Fees : ₹ 263500 | Intake : 30

M.Tech – Automotive Hybrid Systems Engineering
Duration : 2 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 60,000

M.Tech – Automotive Technology (ARAI)
Duration : 2 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 1,74,400

M.Tech – Electric Vehicle Technology
Duration : 2 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 60,000

Ph.D in Automobile Engineering
Duration : 3-5 Years



Mode Of Delivery: Regular 



Program Type:Full Time


Infrastructure:


Automotive Design Laboratory
Driving Simulator Laboratory
Automotive Electrical systems Laboratory
Automotive Electronics Laboratory
Electric and Hybrid Vehicle Laboratory
Artefact Dissection Laboratory
Centre for Automotive Materials Laboratory
Automotive Components Laboratory
Machine Shop Laboratory
Green Vehicle Technology Research Centre
Engine Testing Laboratory
Vehicle Dynamics Laboratory
Vehicle Testing Laboratory

student Club:The SRM SAE Collegiate Club is the foremost Techno-Management club affiliated to SAEINDIA and is highly student-driven. It was formulated on the basis of the core values and vision of SAE (Society of Automotive Engineers) and strives to bring about a positive change to the society. 
The SRM SAE Collegiate Club supports all the activities of SAEINDIA and SAEINDIA Southern Section has conducted numerous events like SUPRA, BAJA, Aero Design Challenge, Tractor Design Competition, By Cycle Design Competition, Electric Two-Wheeler Design Competition, Autonomous Vehicle Design Competition and the newly launched, Electric Four Wheeler Design Competition, apart from SAEINDIA Southern Section Student Convention Tier I, II & III events. 


Faculty:21

HOD:Dr. R. Rajendran

Contact Us:
Department Of Automobile Engineering
Main Campus, SRM Institute of Science and Technology,
(Opp. to Potheri Railway Station)
Kattankulathur – 603203

044 27417825/044 27417865
hod.auto.ktr@srmist.edu.in


College name : College of Science & Humanities 

The College of Science and Humanities at SRMIST has witnessed exceptional growth since its inception in 2003. With a student strength of nearly 5200 students and a faculty strength of around 150, CSH is an ideal destination for attaining well-rounded, holistic education inside and outside the classrooms. Twenty departments offer 53 programs in total, 31 at the Bachelor’s and 20 at the Master’s level, and 2 Diploma. We offer Ph.D. programs in all the departments. The hallmark of the Education programs at the College of Science and Humanities at SRMIST is the delivery of research-led learning, practical knowledge, multicultural competence, and global awareness.

Department : Hindi


The Department of Hindi offers a common course to all the first year students of the Faculty of Science and Humanities

Club : “Tejas”

faculty:4

hod:Dr. S. Preeti


Admin Final  data collection:

Admin :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

COMPUTING TECHNOLOGIES


About the Department

The Department of Computing Technologies (CTECH) fosters the future of computing world. 
The Mission of the Department is to advance, evolve, and enhance Computer Science and Engineering fundamentals to build the intellectual capital of society. 
The CTECH Department endeavors to be an important regional, national, and international resource center for the development of computing and its applications. 
The Department is excelling by keeping up with recent trends and evidence of exponential and exhilarating growth. CTECH boasts a vibrant student body of nearly 5000 undergraduates, 50 postgraduate students, 100+ research scholars, and a stellar faculty of Professors. 
During the year 2020-21, around 1200 students of the CTECH Department bagged the placement opportunity in eminent industries like Microsoft, Amazon, Fidelity, etc.
The students are exposed to a variety of opportunities, such as in-plant training, internships and workshops during the course of the study.

The department is wide-open to enormously prospective activities such as hackathons, industry-based joint-project development, the semester-abroad Programme, the faculty development program, the NSS, etc., on a regular basis. 
The International Conference on the Internet of Things is an iconic event being hosted for the third consecutive year for the benefit of the research fraternity with a focus on Sustainable Development Goals.

Progrrams offered:
undergraduate:
B.Tech – Computer Science and Engineering
Duration : 4 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 4,00,000
sem syllabus details:
mode:Regular

Semester - I:

|code	   |	Subject Name		|
18LEH101J-English
18MAB101T-Calculus and Linear Algebra
18PYB103J-Physics: Semiconductor Physics
18MES101L-Engineering Graphics and Design
18EES101J-Basic Electrical and Electronics Engineering
18PDM101L-Professional Skills and Practices
18LEM101T-Constitution of India
18GNM101L-Physical and Mental Health using Yoga


Semester - II


|code	   |	Subject Name		|
18LEH10XJ-Chinese
18LEH10XJ-French
18LEH10XJ-German
18LEH10XJ-Japanese
18LEH10XJ-Korean
18MAB102T-dvanced Calculus and Complex Analysis
18CYB101J-Chemistry
18CSS101J-Programming for Problem Solving
18MES103L-Civil and Mechanical Engineering Workshop
18PDH101T-General Aptitude
18LEM102J-Value Education
18GNM102L-NSS
18GNM103L-NCC
18GNM104L-NSO

Semester - III

|code	   |	Subject Name		|
18MAB201T-ransforms and Boundary Value Problems
18BTB101T-Biology
18CSS201J-Analog and Digital Electronics
18CSC201J-Data Structures and Algorithms
18CSC202J-Object Oriented Design and Programming
18CSC203J-Computer Organization and Architecture
18PDH102T-Management Principles for Engineers
18PDM201L-Competencies in Social Skills
18PDM203L-Entrepreneurial Skill Development


Semester - IV

|code	   |	Subject Name		|
18MAB204T-Probability and Queueing Theory
18CSS202J-Computer Communications
18CSC204J-Design and Analysis of Algorithms
18CSC205J-Operating Systems
18CSC206J-Software Engineering and Project Management
18CSC207J-Advanced Programming Practice
18CSC208L-Competitive Professional Skills-I
18PDH103T-Social Engineering
18PDM202L-Critical and Creative Thinking Skills
18PDM204L-Business Basics for Entrepreneurs
18CYM101T-Environmental Science


Semester - V


|code	   |	Subject Name		|
18MAB302T-Discrete Mathematics for Engineers
18CSC301T-Formal Language and Automata
18CSC302J-Computer Networks
18CSC306L-Competitive Professional Skills-II
          Professional Elective – 1
	    Professional Elective – 2
	    Open Elective – 1
18CSP101L-Massive Open Online Course - I
18CSP102L-Industrial Training-I
18CSP103L-Seminar - I
18PDM301L-Analytical and Logical Thinking Skills
18PDM302L-Entrepreneurship Management
18LEM109T-Indian Traditional Knowledge

Semester - VI


|code	   |	Subject Name		|
18CSC303J-Database Management Systems
18CSC304J-Compiler Design
18CSC305J-Artificial Intelligence
18CSC350T-Comprehension
18CSC207L-Competitive Professional Skills-III
	    Professional Elective – 3
	    Professional Elective – 4
	    Open Elective – 2
18CSP104L-Massive Open Online Course - II
18CSP105L-Industrial Training-II
18CSP106L-Seminar - II
18PDH201T-Employability Skills and Practices
18LEM110L-Indian Art Form

Semester - VII

|code	   |	Subject Name		|
		Professional Elective – 5
		Professional Elective – 6
		Open Elective – 3
18CSP107L-Minor Project
18CSP108L-Internship (4-6 weeks)

Semester – VIII

|code	   |	Subject Name		|
18CSP109L-Project
18CSP110L-Semester Internship


B.Tech. Computer Science And Engineering (Data Science)
Duration : 4 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 3,50,000
mode:Regular

sem syllabus details:
 No data was found

Post Graduate:
M.Tech. Computer Science and Engineering (Great Learning)
Duration : 2 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 1,25,000
mode:Regular

Sem- Details:

SEMESTER-I

|code	   |	Subject Name		|
CS2001   -  Data Structures and Algorithms
CS2002   -  Parallel Computer Architecture
CS2003   -  Object Oriented Software Engineering
CAC2001  -  Career Advancement Course For Engineers - I
		Program Elective- I
		Program Elective- II
N/A	   -  Supportive course ( 1 course of 3 credits in I or II or III sem.)
N/A      -  Interdisciplinary Elective (1course of 3 credits in I or II or III sem.)



SEMESTER - II

CS2004-Data Base Technology
CS2005-Computer Networks and Management
CS2006-System Programming
CAC2002-Career Advancement Course for Engineers-II
Program Elective-III
Program Elective-IV
N/A-Supportive course ( 1 course of 3 credits in I or II or III sem.)
N/A-Interdisciplinary Elective (1course of 3 credits in I or II or III sem.)

SEMESTER -III

Program Elective-V
Program Elective-VI
CAC2003-Career Advancement Course for Engineers-III
CS2047-Seminar
CS2049-Project Phase I
N/A-Supportive course 3 0 0 3 ( 1 course of 3 credits in I or II or III sem.)
N/A-Interdisciplinary Elective (1course of 3 credits in I or II or III sem.)

SEMESTER -IV


CS2050-Project Phase II

M.Tech. Mobile and Pervasive Computing
Duration : 2 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ INR 5,00,000
mode:Regular

SEMESTER-I

CS2031-Mobile Architecture and Programming
CS2032-Algorithms for Distributed Networks
CS2033-Wireless Communications and Technologies
CAC2001-Career Advancement Course For Engineers - I
Program Elective- I
Program Elective- II
Supportive course ( 1 course of 3 credits in I or II or III sem.)
N/A-nterdisciplinary Elective (1course of 3 credits in I or II or III sem.)


SEMESTER-II

CS2034-Wireless Sensor Protocols and Programming
CS2035-Wireless Communication Protocols
CS2036-Advanced Mobile Computing
CAC2002-Career Advancement Course For Engineers - II
Program Elective- III
Program Elective-IV
Supportive course ( 1 course of 3 credits in I or II or III sem.)
N/A-Interdisciplinary Elective (1course of 3 credits in I or II or III sem.)

SEMESTER -III

code

Program Elective- V
Program Elective-VI
CAC2003-Career Advancement Course For Engineers - III
CS2047-Seminar
CS2049-Project Phase I
N/A-Supportive course ( 1 course of 3 credits in I or II or III sem.)
N/A-Interdisciplinary Elective (1course of 3 credits in I or II or III sem.)

SEMESTER -IV


CS2050
Project Phase II

M.Tech. Software Defined Networking
Duration : 2 Years

SEMESTER -I
	
CS2051-Advanced Networks and Communication Systems
CS2052-SDN and NFV Research Review
CS2053-Software Defined Networks
CS2054-Data Center Networks
CAC2001-Career Advancement Course For Engineers - I
Program Elective- I
Program Elective- II
N/A-Supportive course ( 1 course of 3 credits in I or II or III sem.)
N/A-Interdisciplinary Elective (1course of 3 credits in I or II or III sem.)

SEMESTER -II

CS2055-Cloud Orchestration and NFV
CS2056-Mobile Computing and Internet of Things
CS2057-SDN and NFV Research Proposal
CS2058-Software Defined Optical Networks
CAC2002-Career Advancement Course For Engineers - II
Program Elective- III
Program Elective- IV
N/A-Supportive course ( 1 course of 3 credits in I or II or III sem.)
N/A-Interdisciplinary Elective (1course of 3 credits in I or II or III sem.)

SEMESTER-III

Program Elective- V
Program Elective-VI
CAC2003-Career Advancement Course for Engineers-III
CS2047-Seminar
CS2049-Project Phase I
N/A-Supportive course ( 1 course of 3 credits in I or II or III sem.)
N/A-Interdisciplinary Elective (1course of 3 credits in I or II or III sem.)

SEMESTER-IV

Project Phase II


mode:Regular


Eligibility for B.Tech Programme.



(a) Nationality and Age

Resident Indian or Non-Resident Indian (NRI), holder of PIO or OCI card issued by Government of India are eligible to apply for SRMJEEE (UG).

Note: NRIs, holders of PIO or OCI card issued by Government of India who has not taken the SRMJEEE (UG) must apply under International student category only.

Should have attained the age of 16 years and 6 months on the 31st July of the calendar year in which the 12th Board examination is to be held (source).

(b) Qualifying Examination:

All B.Tech programmes :

Minimum 50% aggregate in PCM

(i) Passed in Higher secondary examination (10+2 pattern ) or appearing in Higher Secondary examination in the current academic year with Physics and Mathematics as compulsory subjects along with one of the Chemistry/ Biotechnology/ Biology/ Technical Vocational subject/ Computer Science/ Information Technology/ Informatics Practices/ Agriculture/ Engineering Graphics/ Business Studies as major subjects in regular stream from any state board within India, CBSE, ISCE, Matriculation, or NIOS

Note: Students who have completed +2 under NIOS must have completed the 10th standard from regular schooling or vice-versa. (source)

(ii) GCE A-level or International Baccalaureate(IB) diploma or IB certificate with Physics and Mathematics as compulsory subjects along with one of the Chemistry/ Biotechnology/ Biology/ Technical Vocational subject/ Computer Science/ Information Technology/ Informatics Practices/ Agriculture/ Engineering Graphics/ Business Studies as major subjects (equivalent to Advanced Placement level in each subject) in any International schools within India.

(c) SRMJEEE (UG)

Candidates who have attempted Physics, Chemistry, Mathematics, English & Aptitude in SRMJEEE(UG) are eligible for all the B.Tech Degree Programs

(d) Direct Admission

To encourage and support students of exemplary talent, SRM Institute of Science and Technology (formerly known as SRM University) offers direct admission and scholarships to first rank students of all the central and state boards in India, top 10,000 rankers in IIT JEE, top rankers in each district of Tamil Nadu and exemplary sports persons at National and International level.
 ___________________________________________________________________________
|Eligibility for M.Tech Programs (Duration: 2 Years)				    |
|___________________________________________________________________________|
|Specialization       |     Eligibility						    |
|			    |	   (A basic degree or equivalent in the following   |
|			    |		 with a minimum aggregate of 50%)             |
|M.Tech by Research   | 								    |
|(All Programs) 	    |	Candidates can register in any of the specialization|
|			    |	 below with the following eligibility. For complete |
|			    |		 details						    |
|_____________________|_____________________________________________________|
Automotive Hybrid
Systems Engineering	B.E / B.Tech in Mechanical / Automobile/ Aeronautical 
				/ Mechatronics/ Production / Electrical / ECE / EEE / 
				Electronics / Instrumentation & Control Engg with aggregate
				& final year score over 50%. GATE Score and / or work
				experience in related area is preferred.  
				Selection through entrance and interview. 
				Equal Proportion to both streams of Mechanical and 
				Electrical Engineering will be considered in selection.

Automation and Robotics	B.E / B.Tech. in ECE / EEE / EIE / ICE / Mechanical /
				Mechatronics Engineering  / Industrial Engineering /  
				Production Engineering / Automobile Engineering /
				Aerospace Engineering /Manufacturing Engineering (or) 
				its equivalent.


Big Data Analytics 	B.E / B.Tech. in CSE / IT / SWE (or) M.Sc. (CSE / IT) 
				(or) MCA (or) its equivalent.


Biomedical Engineering 	B.E / B.Tech in Biomedical Engineering /
				Biomedical & Instrumentation Engineering / ICE / EIE 
				/ECE/ EEE/ Biotechnology / Nanotechnology / Medical Electronics 
				(or) M.Sc.(Electronics / Medical Electronical / 
				Applied Electronics) (or) M.Sc.(Physics / Medical Physics 
				/ Bio-Physics) (or) M.Sc. (Bio-informatics /
				Biomedical Informatics / Biotechnology) (or) MBBS / 
				BPT / BOT (or) its equivalent.

Biotechnology 		B.E / B.Tech. in Chemical Engineering / Bio-Technology  / 
				Bio-Chemical Engineering / Genetic Engg. / Bioinformatics / 
				Biomedical Engg. / Biomedical & Instrumentation Engg. / 
				Bioprocess Engg. / Food  Process Engineering (or) B.Pharm 
				(or) M.Sc. (in any branch  of Life Sciences / Biotechnology)
			 	(or) its equivalent.

Chemical Engineering 	Chemical Engineering, Electrochemical Engineering, 
				Petrochemical Engineering,  Petroleum Engineering,  
				Petroleum Refining Engineering,  Chemical Technology, 
				Pharmaceutical Technology, Food and Process Engineering, 
				Biochemical Engineering, Bioprocess Engineering, 
				Biotechnology, Biotechnology and Biochemical Engineering (or)
				its equivalent

Cloud Computing 		B.E / B.Tech in CSE / IT / SWE / ECE / EEE / EI (or) 
				MCA (or) M.Sc (CSE / IT) (or) its equivalent.

Computer Aided Design 	B.E / B.Tech. in Mechanical  Engg. / Production Engg. 
				/ Automobile Engg. / Aerospace / Aeronautical Engg (or)
				AMIE (Mech) / AMAeSI(Aero) / IMechE. (or) any equivalent 
				degree in the above Disciplines.


Computer Science &
 Engineering 		B.E / B.Tech. in CSE / IT / SWE / ECE / EEE /
				EIE & ICE (or) MCA (or) M.Sc. (CS / CST / IT / SW)
				(or) its equivalent.

Construction Engine
-ering and Management 	B.E / B.Tech. in Civil / Civil Infrastructure Engg.
				/ Architectural Engg. (or) B.Arch. (or) its equivalent.


Electronics & 
Control  Engineering 	B.E / B.Tech. in ECE / ICE / EEE / EIE (or)its equivalent.


Electric Vehicle
 Technology 		B.E/B.Tech.inAutomobile/Mechanical/EEE/E&I/ECE/
				Mechatronics/Manufacturing Engineering.

Embedded  
System Technology 	B.E / B.Tech. in EEE / ECE / CSE / IT / ICE / EIE (or) M.Sc.
				(Electronics / Applied Electronics) (or) 
				M.Sc. (Physics – Special Electronics) (or) its equivalent.

Environmental 
Engineering			B.E. / B.Tech (Civil / Civil Infrastructure / Architecture  Engg.
				/ Chemical / Biotechnology),  or M.Sc ( Environmental Science / Ecology 
				/ Environmental Ecology / Environmental Chemistry) (or) its equivalent.
Food  and 
Nutritional 
Biotechnology 		B.E / B.Tech. in Food  Process / Chemical / Biotechnology / Agricultural Engineering
				/ Food Processing and Preservation Technology/ Food Technology (or) its equivalent.
Food  Safety and 
Quality Management 	B.E / B.Tech in Food  Engineering / Agricultural Engineering / Diary Technology /
				Biotechnology / Chemical Engineering (or) M.Sc in Food  Science / any branch  of 
				Life Sciences / Home Science / Nutrition & Dietetics  (or) its equivalent.

Genetic Engineering 	B.E / B.Tech in Genetic Engineering / Biotechnology / Industrial or Medical or 
				General or Food Biotechnology / Biochemical Engineering / Bioinformatics / 
				Bioprocess Engineering (or) B.Pharm (or) B.V.Sc. (or) B.F.Sc. (or) B.Sc.
				(Agri) / B.Sc. (Forestry)  (or) MBBS (or) M.Sc in any branch  
				of Life Sciences (or) its equivalent.
Information Security 
and Cyber Forensics 	B.E / B.Tech. in CSE / IT / SWE (or) M.Sc. (CSE / IT) (or) MCA (or) its equivalent.


Internet of Things 	B.E / B.Tech. in CSE / IT / SWE / ECE / EEE /ETE /Mechatronics/ 
				EIE & ICE (or) MCA (or) M.Sc. (CS / CST / IT / SW / Electronics 
				/ Applied Electronics )  (or) any equivalent degree in the above Disciplines

Mechatronics 
Engineering 		B.E / B.Tech in Mechanical Engineering, Production Engineering,
				Manufacturing Engineering, Automobile Engineering,Aerospace Engineering,
				Mechatronics Engineering,Electrical and Electronics Engineering, 
				Electronics & Communication Engineering, Instrumentation and Control Engineering,
				Electronics & Instrumentation Engineering, Electronics & Instrumentation
				Engineering,Computer Science Engineering, Information Technology, 
				Software Engineering (or) its equivalent.

Nanotechnology 		B.E / B.Tech. (Any Specialization),  M.Sc (Physics / Materials  Science 
				/ Chemistry / Applied Chemistry / Bio Chemistry / Biotechnology) with 
				mathematics as one of the subjects at B.Sc level (or) its equivalent.


Power Systems 		B.E / B.Tech. in EEE (or) its equivalent.


Robotics 			B.E / B.Tech. in Mechanical  Engg. / Production Engg. 
				/ Industrial Engg. / Automobile Engg. / Aerospace / Aeronautical Engg. 
				/ Mechatronics Engg. / ECE / EEE / ICE / CSE (or) AMIE (Mech) 
				/ AMAeSI(Aero) / IMechE (or) any equivalent degree in the above Disciplines


Solar Energy 		B.E. / B.Tech. in Mechanical  Engineering / Automobile Engineering 
				/ Chemical Engineering / Electrical & Electronics Engineering /
				 AMIE (Mechanical Engineering) / AMAeSI / IMechE / M.Sc.(Physics)
				 (or) any equivalent degree in the above discipline.


Structural Engineering 	B.E / B.Tech. in Civil / Civil Infrastructure Engg. / Architectural Engg. 
				(or) its equivalent.
Artificial Intelligence 
(empowered by 
Great Learning)		B.E / B.Tech. in CSE / IT / SWE / ECE / EEE / EIE & ICE (or) MCA (or) 
				M.Sc. (CS / CST / IT / SW) (or) its equivalent.
Artificial Intelligence  
& Data Science 
(empowered by 
Great Learning)

Data Engineering 
(empowered by 
Great Learning)

Data Science 
(empowered by 
Great Learning)

VLSI Design 		B.E / B.Tech. in ECE / EEE / EIE / CSE / IT (or) M.Sc. 
				(Electronics / Applied Electronics) (or) M.Sc. 
				(Physics – Special Electronics) (or) its equivalent.


__________________________________________________________________________________________________


1985 Established

163 Faculty & Staff

5000+
Students

1000+
Publications

8Funded Projects

135+
Patent(Published)

114
Ph.D (Awarded)

15+
Consultancy project


Placement Records
343+ Dream Offer
370+ Super Dream
35+ Marque
533+ Day sharing
7 Internship


Program Educational Objectives:
PEO1
Graduates will be able to perform in technical/managerial roles ranging from design, development, problem solving to production support in software industry and R&D sectors.
PEO2
Graduates will be able to successfully pursue higher education at reputed institutions.
PEO3
Graduates will have the ability to adapt, contribute and innovate new technologies and systems in the key domains of Computer Science and Engineering.
PEO4
.Graduates will be ethically and socially responsible solution providers and entrepreneurs in Computer Science and other engineering disciplines.
PEO5
Graduates will possess the additional skills in core computer science discipline with knowledge of Hardware, Software , Programming , Logic & Reasoning.




Infrastructure:

The department provides extensive computing resources for research and education. This includes more than 800 high-performance computers in the range of Linux, Windows, SUN and Apple workstations and a good number of laptop systems in 26 laboratories apart from the special research labs.


Student Clubs, Professional Chapters And Association Bodies:


Coding Ninjas CLUB
	-Dr.M. Uma Devi

Microsoft Learn Student Ambassadors SRM
		-Mr. Sibi Amaran

Google DSC SRM
	-Dr. M Umadevi

Data Science Community SRM
	-S Priya

Guvi Code Camp
	-Gayathri M


Hack Club SRM
	-V Hemamalini


Faculty

Teaching environment and quality are central to SRMIST’s capability profile. Our professors are the reason for our continued ability to foster vibrant and value adding learning experiences for our students. The success of our students’ in terms of their learning and overall development enabled by our faculty members is an area of focus for leadership at SRMIST. Many opportunities are provided to our faculty members to conduct research and engage with the industry in consulting and other projects. This platform brings our faculty members an opportunity to expand their knowledge contribution as well as bring those rich experiential inputs to the classrooms and labs, therefore benefiting our students.

Details about Faculties:

https://www.srmist.edu.in/staff-finder/?dept=13519

FOR ADMISSION 

APPLICATION PAGE LINK -https://www.srmist.edu.in/admission-india/


Contact Details

Department of Computing Technologies

Tech Park, SRM Institute of Science and Technology,
Kattankulathur – 603203

call: 044 27417841/044 27417842
Email: hod.ctech.ktr@srmist.edu.in

	
contact for admission
 +91 44 27417000
 +91 44 27417777
 +080 69087000
 infodesk@srmist.edu.in


Admin ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

Department details:

Programs Offered At CoM
College of Management, SRM Institute of Science and Technology, established in 1993 is ranked as a top Business School by many reputed ranking agencies – ranked No 8 in Outlook-ICARE 2022 as India’s top private MBA institutions in South Zone; No. 5 of Top B-Schools of Eminence by Competition Success Review, Global Human Resource Development Centre (GHRDC); No. 15 in Private B-Schools in South Zone by The Week–Hansa Research Survey 2021 and Ranked No. 2 among Government and Private B-Schools in Chennai.

Located amidst the industries, the College of Management, SRM IST offers Industry relevant programs.
	
BBA
BBA (Honours)
BBA Digital Marketing
MBA
MBA Banking and Financial Services
MBA Artificial Intelligence and Data Science
MBA Digital Marketing
MBA Business Analytics
MBA Health Care and Hospital Management
PhD in Management


Healthcare and Hospital Management(MBA)

Program Specific Outcomes
PSO 1
Ability to apply of Multidisciplinary knowledge of various functional areas in Hospital Management
PSO 2
Ability to evaluate Healthcare operations using business metrics
PSO 3
Create a strategic plan for execution of health care businesses

Campus:
Kattankulathur (KTR)
Sanctioned Intake
30
Annual Fees:
INR 3,85,000
Duration:
2 Years

Syllabus:
SEMESTER -I

MBH22101T-Organizational Behaviour in Healthcare Sector
MBH22102T-Healthcare Economics
MBH22103T-Marketing Healthcare
MBH22104T-Financial analysis and decision making for Healthcare Professionals
MBH22105T-Epidemiology and Bio-Statistics
MBH22106T-Information Technology for Managers
MBH22107T-Managerial Skills and Communication
MBH22108L-Professional Upskilling - I (Practical)

SEMESTER-II

MBH22201T-Human Resources Management for Healthcare
MBH22202T-Financial Management in Healthcare Sector
MBH22203T-Health care Operations Management
MBH22204T-Entrepreneurship and Innovations in Healthcare Sector
MBH22205T-Risk Adjustment, Risk Sharing and Premium Regulation in Health Insurance Markets
MBH22206T-Service design and thinking in healthcare and hospital management
MBH22207T-Research Methods for healthcare managers
MBH22208L-Business Analytics (Practical)
MBH22209L-Professional Upskilling – II (Practical)

SEMESTER -III

MBH22301T-Strategic Management in Healthcare Sector
MBH22302T-Healthcare Tourism Management
MBH22303-Healthcare brand Management
MBH22304T-Healthcare and Hospital Core Services
MBH22305T-Hospital Information Management Systems
MBH22306T-Legal Environment for Healthcare Industry
MBH22307L-Summer Internship

SEMESTER -IV

MBH22401T-Patient Engagement : A Consumer-centered Model
MBH22402T-Safety and Disaster Management for Hospitals
MBH22403T-Global Healthcare and Non-profit Organizations
MBH22404T-Ethical Practices in Healthcare and Hospital Management
MBH22405L-Capstone Project


Placements:

Over 100 companies visit the campus for placing MBA students with high packages. The Industry patrons and Alumni of  the College of Management SRMIST help students be successful entrepreneurs, obtain coveted placements with Corporate Organizations, Research Institutions, International Inc.
525+
Students Registered (283 From KTR)
373+
Students Placed (225 From KTR)
12.56
Highest Package Offered (Lakhs PA)
245+
Companies Visited
196+
Offers > 5 LPA (113 From KTR)

Placements more ifo:https://www.srmist.edu.in/placements/

Faculty:  https://www.srmist.edu.in/staff-finder/?dept=29335



Admin:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::




Department Of Journalism And Mass Communication


About the Department

The fascination with journalism is here to stay. Keeping in mind the absolute essential of ethics and ethical journalism in the print and broadcast outlets, the Department of Journalism and Mass communication shapes students with the zest to be journalists of tomorrow.
Exposure to print, visual, Public Relation, and New Media is given importance under the guidance of highly qualified and experienced faculty. Regular lectures by experts in the industry combined with seminars, workshops and periodic visits to various media houses make it obvious why SRM is the one place where all future journalists head to.
“Young Journalists’ Association” for students, conducts events, seminars, conferences, workshops, and other industry interactions for our students. Our students also focus on research in the final semesters, and many universities abroad are keen to absorb our students. Our students have also continued their higher education and graduated from Leeds University, Oaklahoma University, etc.
The Department also provides opportunities for students to work on an internship in various fields of Print, Electronic, and Online media. Students are guided by expert faculty during their specialized research projects.


PROGRAM offered:

UNDERGRADUATE:

B.A. Journalism and Mass Communication
Duration : 3 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 85,000

POSTGRADUATE:

M.A. Journalism and Mass Communication
Duration : 2 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 50,000


PG Diploma in Journalism
Duration : 1 Year | Annual Fees : ₹ 1,00,000 | Intake : 20

PHD:
Ph.D. Journalism and Mass Communication


Placement:

Over the years, students who have passed out from the Department of Journalism and Mass Communication have been placed in various esteemed media organizations across the country. For more info: https://www.srmist.edu.in/department/department-of-journalism-and-mass-communication/placement/

2007-Year Established
4-Faculty & Staff:

Eligibility for B.A. Journalism and Mass Communication:

10 + 2 (Higher Secondary) with Any Group. (Minimum Aggregate of 50%)


Contact us 
	
Department Of Journalism And Mass Communication

Department of Journalism and Mass Communication
College of Science and Engineering
SRM Institute of Science and Technology
Kattankulathur – 603203

044-27414121
hod.jmc.ktr@srmist.edu.in


Admin :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::


Department of Chemistry:

About The Department:

SRM Institute of Science and Technology (formerly known as SRM University)’s Chemistry Department has been engaged in opening up the fascinating world of Chemistry to students since 1985. The Department offers B.Sc, B.S(4 Year), M.Sc. and Ph.D Programmes. The primary goal of the department is to advance the field of chemistry and to carry out use-inspired research in the emerging areas of energy, environment, sustainable chemistry and health.

Department of Chemistry has a group of vibrant, talented and passionate faculty members whose areas of expertise covers a broad spectrum of topics: Energy and Materials science, Synthetic chemistry, Chemical biology, Physical chemistry and Computation. The Department has well-equipped modern research laboratories with state-of-the art facilities like HR-MS, Powder X-ray diffractometer, Thermo Gravimetric Analyzer, Differential Scanning Calorimeter, BET surface area analyzer, Time-resolved photoluminescence setup etc.

The Department was supported by DST-FIST, Govt. of India with a total out lay of Rs. 146 lakhs during 2015-2020. Faculty members are awarded with DST-SERB Fast Track / SRG / CRG / CSIR / UGC – Startup / Indo – Poland projects with a total out lay of Rs.13 crores. There are 56 approved guides as resource persons to guide Ph.D candidates. Currently 237 research scholars are working for their Ph.D including 14 part time candidates. The Department has tie-ups with recognized institutions, industries and R&D laboratories for student projects, training and research activities.


1985 in Established
Faculty & Staff67:
Students:380
Publications:1050
Funded Projects:45
Patent(Published):17
Ph.D (Awarded):67


Programs Offered

Undergraduate
The undergraduate program imparts students with mastery in the field of chemistry.

B.S Chemistry
Duration : 4 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 55,000


B.Sc. Chemistry
Duration : 3 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 45,000

Syllabus link :https://webstor.srmist.edu.in/web_assets/downloads/2021/bsc-chemistry-syllabus.pdf

B.Sc. Chemistry
From launching space shuttles to discovering new medicinal pills, chemistry is an essential science that influences all aspects of daily life. An undergraduate degree in chemistry helps you develop professional and technical skills in core chemistry subjects. Completing a bachelor’s degree in chemistry can provide exciting employment opportunities across multiple fields in both the private and public sectors. Chemistry is a core science subject, and the scope of the BSc chemistry is high. One can have several employment opportunities in research and development, teaching, product development, quality assurance, analytical science and information science. Some of the most popular career options after BSc chemistry include: agricultural chemist, chemical engineering assistant, chemical product officer, clinical research specialist, forensic assistant, etc.. BSc chemistry students can also opt for government jobs in laboratories, research institutes, and the military. They can also seek employment in the private sector in many industries and companies. Alternatively, students interested in academia can opt for chemistry professor jobs in schools and colleges after obtaining a postgraduate degree and the necessary qualifications to teach.


Postgraduate
The department's ranges of postgraduate programs include core courses as well as elective, independent study. - M.Sc Chemistry.



M.Sc. Chemistry
Duration : 2 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 50,000

Syllabus link :https://webstor.srmist.edu.in/web_assets/downloads/2021/msc-syllabus-2021-22.pdf

Eligibility For M.Sc. Chemistry
B.Sc. Chemistry with Chemistry as a major Subject or Triple Major with Chemistry as one of the major Subjects (Minimum Aggregate of 50%)

M.Sc. Organic Chemistry
Duration : 2 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 50,000


Syllabus link :https://webstor.srmist.edu.in/web_assets/downloads/2021/msc-organic-chemistry-syllabus-2021-22.pdf

Eligibility For M.Sc. Organic Chemistry
B.Sc. Chemistry / B.Sc. (Honors) Chemistry / B.Sc.Triple Majors with chemistry as one of the major subjects.

Ph.D
The research work at the school includes such domains as innovative interface material, traffic-resistant pavement material

No more data in phd chemistry

Dr. M. Arthanareeswari
Professor & Head (Admin.)
Welcome Message
Since its inception in 1985, the Department of Chemistry at SRMIST has been actively involved in teaching and research activities by offering Bachelor’s, Master’s, and Doctoral degree programs in Chemistry. With 56 talented and enthusiastic faculty members from diverse disciplines across chemistry, our department is strongly committed to excellence in teaching and research, especially in the multidisciplinary area. Securing funding from several funding agencies, publishing high-quality papers and patents clearly portray our dedication. The vibrant learning environment created through courses and projects enables the students to leverage their knowledge, execute their skills, and shape themselves to excel in their higher studies / careers.

SRM Institute of Science and Technology attracts over 450+ recruiters, providing a wide range of opportunities to the students. At the Department of Chemistry, it is our endeavor to make sure all our students get placed in reputed companies. Prior to the placement interview, the students will be trained by the Career Development Center to attend the interviews confidently.

More than 50 companies sought to recruit B.Sc. and M.Sc. chemistry students in the past 5 years. Pharmaceutical companies, R and D sectors, Health care units, Cosmetic companies, Paints, fertilizers and pesticide related companies, educational institutions and a few IT companies came for campus recruitment.

			
Placement Highlights
https://www.srmist.edu.in/department/department-of-chemistry/placements/

over all details:

7-Core Company Offers (2022-23)
51-General Company Offers (2022-23)
7-Students Placed(2022-23)
4-Core Company Offers (2021-22)
39-General Company Offers (2021-22)
3-Students Placed(2021-22)
2-Core Company Offers (2020-21)
41-General Company Offers (2020-21)
4-Students Placed(2020-21)
2-Core Company Offers (2019-20)
30-General Company Offers (2019-20)
5-Students Placed(2019-20)
9-General Company Offers (2018-19)
1-Core Company Offers (2017-18)
7-General Company Offers (2017-18)
2-Students Placed(2017-18)

Faculty
Teaching environment and quality are central to SRMIST’s capabilities profile. Our Professors are the reason for our continued ability to foster vibrant and value-adding learning experiences for our students. The success of our students’ in terms of their learning and overall development enabled by our faculty members is an area of focus of Leadership at SRMIST. Many opportunities are provided to our faculty members to conduct research and engage with the industry in consultancy and other projects. This platform brings to our faculty members an opportunity to expand their knowledge contribution as well as bring those rich experiential inputs to the classrooms and labs, therefore, benefiting our students.


Department Of Chemistry
University Building, SRM Institute of Science and Technology,
Kattankulathur – 603203

044 27417832/044 27417872
hod.chy.ktr@srmist.edu.in


Admin::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

College of Engineering & Technology

SRMIST’s engineering programs endeavor to be at the forefront of innovation. They also foster multi-disciplinary collaborations aimed at solving the most pressing global problems.

Our mission is to seek solutions to global challenges by using the power of engineering principles, techniques and systems. We believe that engineers should not only possess deep technical excellence, but also nurture creativity, cultural awareness and entrepreneurial skills that come from exposure to science, business, medicine and other disciplines – all integral part of the SRM experience.

Our goal is to deliver world class, solutions driven programs that inspire curiosity and generate new knowledge and discoveries. Our collaboration with over 50 of the world’s best universities and 215 corporates, strengthens our academic and research programs.

for more data: https://www.srmist.edu.in/college/college-of-engineering-technology/about/

Dr. T. V. Gopal
Dean – CET, Kattankulathur
E: dean.cet@srmist.edu.in

Dean's Message
Welcome to the College of Engineering and Technology (CET), SRM Institute of Science & Technology (SRMIST), Chennai, India. We share the passion and commitment to Education of our Founder and Chancellor who believes that Engineering and Science can give you the exhilarating power to become an active explorer, maker, doer, and help invent the future.




Department & Centers
The Engineering and Technology faculty comprises of 7 Schools and 19 Departments. Each school is headed by a Dean and comprises various Departments of Engineering, clubbed on the basis of their domain expertise.

With students in India seeking more inter-disciplinary program and flexibility in course curriculum, SRMIST addressed this demand by completely leaving the option of program path to the students. A student shall have the option of choosing any one of the following pathways (i) Major (ii) Major with Specialization (iii) Major with Minor or Major with specialization and a Minor. The core philosophy that is practised in SRMIST as part of teaching-learning process is Inter Disciplinary Experiencial Active Learning (IDEAL)


	
Aerospace Engineering	
School of Architecture and Interior Design
Automobile Engineering
Biomedical Engineering
Biotechnology
Civil Engineering
Chemical Engineering
Chemistry
Computational Intelligence
Computing Technologies
Data Science & Business Systems
Electronics & Communication Engineering
Electrical & Electronics Engineering
Electronics & Instrumentation Engineering
English & Foreign Languages
Food Process Engineering
Genetic Engineering
Mathematics
Mechanical Engineering
Mechatronics Engineering
Networking & Communications
Physics and Nanotechnology

centers:

Center for Architectural Heritage
Career Development Center
SRM-DBT Platform (under Bio Engineering)
Centre For Advanced Concrete Research (CACR)
Centre for Nanotechnology
Centre for Yoga
Centre For Composites And Advanced Materials
SRM BRIN: center of excellence in Automation Technologies
Center for Immersive Technologies


Research @ CET, SRMIST
We are committed to the creation of knowledge through research across all disciplines within the College of Engineering and Technology (CET). This stems from the SRMIST’s focus on RESEARCH instilled from the very beginning by the Leadership especially our Founder and Chancellor. We ensure that aspiring students willing to put in hard work and interested in gaining most fruitful student life experiences will find all the support they need to pursue their research interests. They can immensely benefit from advanced labs, equipment, real-life problems being understood and solved by experienced research- oriented faculty members and scholars.

500+ Research Labs
1000+ Research Publications
₹50Cr Funding/Spend On Research


Career And Placement
The Career Center at SRM Institute of Science and Technology plays a vital role in making SRM a favored destination for many national and international organizations to recruit fresh talent nurtured at the Institute. Continuous institute-industry interaction, pre-joining learning initiatives, participating in industrial exhibitions, fairs, seminars to promote useful interaction with the industries, and alumni activities are some of the initiatives of Placement Office. The excellent infrastructure of the Career Center facilitates activities like pre-placement talks, written tests, group discussions, and interviews as per the requirements of the recruiting organizations.

650+ Companies
7030+ Offers
40+ Highest Package Offered (LPA)
350+ Package 5LPA & Above


Infrastructure & Facilities
SRM Institute of Science and Technology has been consistent to maintain excellence in the academic standard since its inception. Learning is an Enjoyable experience here, with experienced Faculty, Inspiring Libraries and Stimulating discussion rooms, Large Playgrounds and State-of-the-art Labs. 

Admin::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::


Department of Networking And Communications


About The Department
Department of Networking and Communications under School of Computing intend to meet the expectations of the aspiring students and to add more value to the degrees offered. The Department ensures to provide quality and value-laden education for students in the traditional and contemporary areas of Cloud Computing, Computer Networks, Cyber Security, Information Technology and Internet of Things.

The programs are introduced in partnership with reputed IT companies like Amazon Web services, K7 Security, Virtusa etc. The department consists of a medley of faculty members with industrial and academic experience. The Department’s keen focus is towards “networks”domain specific and specialization-based placement drives for its students. The department inculcates entrepreneurial skills in budding aspirants to pitch their innovative ideas through SRM Innovation and Incubation Center. Our International and alumni connect intrigue in bridging the gap between the trio: Academics-Industry -Research.


1998 inEstablished

103 Faculty & Staff

2313 Students

514 Publications

20 Funded Projects

136 Patent(Published)

62 Ph.D (Awarded)


Dr. Annapurani Panaiyappan .K
Professor & Head
Welcome Message
It gives me an immense pleasure to welcome you all to the Department of Networking and Communications in School of Computing, SRM Institute of Science & Technology (SRMIST), Kattankulathur.

This department manifests various distinctive and contemporary flavours of Computer Science and Engineering making the unit unique and special. It encompasses Undergraduate Program in Computer Science and Engineering with five broad specializations – Cyber Security, Internet of Things, Computer Networking, Cloud Computing and Information technology. And five year M.Tech Integrated Program in Computer Science and Engineering with Specialization in Cyber Security and Digital Forensics. Our post graduate programs include Information Security & Cyber forensics, Internet of Things and Cloud Computing. And also we run Ph.D programs with more than 90 scholars contributing towards prospective researches and standard publications in referred journals and patents.

The vision and mission of the department is structured in such a way to equip the students to fulfil their aspiring dreams and reach the goals. The goals may range from placing in high package companies, entrepreneurship, start-ups to higher education, research, societal needs and so on. The courses are framed in such a way to bridge the gap between Industry and Academics. We strive to empower and encourage our students to pave their own path towards success.

Our former president and scientist Dr.APJ Abdul Kalam stated that the growth of India will only depend on proper grooming and nurturing of these young masses with the dreams kept high and alive. This is well taken care by our extremely dedicated teach force, an absolute live wire tying this whole system to be alive and sustained. The faculty of the department not only excel in teaching technical nuances but also skilled in research, publishing, tapping funding from external agencies, patents and more. We do excel at counselling and guidance to keep the students vibes up and roaring.

Moreover the department has strong bonds with industries and have specialized labs including Malware Analysis from K7 computing, Network Simulator with NETSIM from Tetcos, CISCO Networking, IoT Center of Excellence, Cloud Computing and many more. This has influenced our placements in turn and almost all our eligible students get placed in reputed companies with a very high package. We support the student activities that nurture them in organizing and take lead in our Networking and Communications Association and various student clubs namely SRM OWASP, SRM Team Hackathon, Hack the Box and so on.

With this short note, I am extremely proud to head such a well formulated task force comprising of students, teaching and non-teaching staffs and research scholars. There is no doubt that this department would be a remarkable place to start your journey. Also you may feel free to browse through our web page to know more about the achievements and laurels which will make you awe for sure.

If you are interested to join us and know more, feel free to contact us.

Programs

Undergraduate
B.Tech programmes with specialization provides graduates with the skills and knowledge to take on appropriate professional positions upon graduation. The programmes are designed in such a way that the graduate develops a practical understanding of the technologies and acquires expertise for a successful career.


B.Tech – Computer Science And Engineering with Specialization in Cloud Computing
Duration : 4 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 3,50,000

Syllabus Details:

Semester - I

18LEH101J-English
18MAB101T-Calculus and Linear Algebra
18PYB103J-Physics: Semiconductor Physics
18MES101L-Engineering Graphics and Design
18EES101J-Basic Electrical and Electronics Engineering
18PDM101L-Professional Skills and Practices
18LEM101T-Constitution of India
18GNM101L-Physical and Mental Health using Yoga

Semester - II

18LEH10XJ-Chinese
18LEH10XJ-French
18LEH10XJ-German
18LEH10XJ-Japanese
18LEH10XJ-Korean
18MAB102T-Advanced Calculus and Complex Analysis
18CYB101J-Chemistry
18CSS101J-Programming for Problem Solving
18MES103L-Civil and Mechanical Engineering Workshop
18PDH101T-General Aptitude
18LEM102J-Value Education
18GNM102L-NSS
18GNM103L-NCC
18GNM104L-NSO


Semester - III

18MAB201T-Transforms and Boundary Value Problems
18BTB101T-Biology
18CSS201J-Analog and Digital Electronics
18CSC201J-Data Structures and Algorithms
18CSC202J-Object Oriented Design and Programming
18CSC203J-Computer Organization and Architecture
18PDH102T-Management Principles for Engineers
18PDM201L-Competencies in Social Skills
18PDM203L-Entrepreneurial Skill Development

Semester - IV

18MAB204T-Probability and Queueing Theory
18CSS202J-Computer Communications
18CSC204J-Design and Analysis of Algorithms
18CSC205J-Operating Systems
18CSC206J-Software Engineering and Project Management
18CSC207J-Advanced Programming Practice
18CSC208L-Competitive Professional Skills - I
18PDH103T-Social Engineering
18PDM202L-Critical and Creative Thinking Skills
18PDM204L-Business Basics for Entrepreneurs
18CYM101T-Environmental Science

Semester - V

18MAB302T-Discrete Mathematics for Engineers
18CSC301T-Formal Language and Automata
18CSC302J-Computer Networks
18CSC306L-Competitive Professional Skills-II
Professional Elective – 1
Professional Elective – 2
Open Elective – 1
18CSP101L-Massive Open Online Course - I
18CSP102L-Industrial Training-I
18CSP103L-Seminar - I
18PDM301L-Analytical and Logical Thinking Skills
18PDM302L-Entrepreneurship Management
18LEM109T-Indian Traditional Knowledge

Semester - VI

18CSC303J-Database Management Systems
18CSC304J-Compiler Design
18CSC305J-Artificial Intelligence
18CSC350T-Comprehension
18CSC307L-Competitive Professional Skills-III
Professional Elective – 3
Professional Elective – 4
Open Elective – 2
18CSP104L-Massive Open Online Course - II
18CSP105L-Industrial Training-II
18CSP106L-Seminar - II
18PDH201T-Employability Skills and Practices
18LEM110L-Indian Art Form

Semester - VII

Professional Elective – 5
Professional Elective – 6
Open Elective – 3
18CSP107L-Minor Project
18CSP108L-Internship (4-6 weeks)


Semester – VIII

18CSP10L-Project
18CSP110L-Semester Internship


B.Tech – Computer Science And Engineering with Specialization in Computer Networking
Duration : 4 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 3,50,000




B.Tech – Computer Science And Engineering with Specialization in Information Technology
Duration : 4 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 3,50,000

B.Tech – Computer Science And Engineering with Specialization in Internet of Things
Duration : 4 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 3,50,000

B.Tech -Computer Science And Engineering with Specialization in Cyber Security
Duration : 4 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 3,50,000
Integrated Course(5 years program)



Postgraduate
The various postgraduate programs offered by the department cover advanced topics of Networking and Communications courses leading to specializations in the areas of Information Security and Cyber Forensics, Internet of Things(IoT) and Cloud Computing. The courses are designed in such a way that the students are exposed to theoretical concepts complemented by related practical experiments.

Eligibility For M.Tech Programme

Eligibility for M.Tech Programs (Duration: 2 Years)
Specialization	Eligibility
Cloud Computing	Eligibility for this M.Tech Program is a basic degree or equivalent in B.E / B.Tech in CSE / IT / SWE / ECE / EEE / EI (or) MCA (or) M.Sc (CSE / IT) (or) its equivalent with a minimum aggregate of 50%

M.Tech – Cloud Computing
Duration : 2 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 1,60,000

SEMESRTER -I

CC2021-Web Application Development
CC2022-Cloud Architectures
CC2023-Cloud Storage Infrastructure
N/A-Industry Supportive Elective course – 1
N/A-Industry Supportive certification course - 1
CC2012-Data Analysis using Multivariate Techniques and Forecasting Methods
CAC2002-Career Advancement Course for Engineers – I

SEMESTER-II

CC2021-Web Application Development
CC2022-Cloud Architectures
CC2023-Cloud Storage Infrastructure
N/A-Industry Supportive Elective course – 1
N/A-Industry Supportive certification course - 1
CC2012-Data Analysis using Multivariate Techniques and Forecasting Methods
CAC2002-Career Advancement Course for Engineers – I

Semester - III

Program Elective – 2
Industry Supportive Elective course –3
Industry Supportive Elective course – 4
Industry Supportive certification course - 3
CAC2003-Career Advancement Course for Engineers - III
CC2059-Project Phase-I
CC2057-Seminar (Pass/Fail Course)

Semester - IV

CC2060-Project Phase-II

M.Tech – Information Security and Cyber Forensics
Duration : 2 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 1,60,000

No data found

M.Tech – Internet of Things
Duration : 2 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 1,60,000

Semester - I

CS2034-Wireless Sensor Protocols and Programming
CS2041-Computer Networks and Management
CS2042-Embedded System Design and Architecture
CAC2001-Career Advancement Course for Engineers-I
Program Elective-I
Program Elective-II
N/A-Supportive course ( 1 course of 3 credits in I or II or III sem.)
N/A-Interdisciplinary Elective (1course of 3 credits in I or II or III sem.)

Semester - II

CS2043-Embedded Systems and Real Time Operating System
CS2044-IoT Architecture and Protocols
CS2045-Cloud Architecture and Computing
CAC2002-Career Advancement Course for Engineers-II
Program Elective-III
Program Elective-IV
N/A-Supportive course ( 1 course of 3 credits in I or II or III sem.)
N/A-Interdisciplinary Elective (1course of 3 credits in I or II or III sem.)

Semester - III

Program Elective-V
Program Elective-VI
CAC2003-Career Advancement Course for Engineers-III
CS2047-Seminar
CS2049-Project Phase I
N/A-Supportive course 3 0 0 3 ( 1 course of 3 credits in I or II or III sem.)
N/A-Interdisciplinary Elective (1course of 3 credits in I or II or III sem.)

Semester - IV

CS2050-Project Phase II

Phd in computer science and engineering(fulltime):

Key Areas Of Research:

Information Technology
Cyber Security
Cloud Computing
Internet of Things
AI & ML
Future Generation Networks
Communication network
Healthcare
Image Processing
Semantic Web
Wireless Sensor Networks
Data Mining & Data Analytics
Software Reliability

Research
Research in the department focuses on creating and evaluating innovative learning experiences, inspired by educational principles and technical progress. Students are motivated to pursue multi-disciplinary research projects on long term basis jointly with other department students. Faculty members are provided with sabbatical to carry out their research work.

Placements
The top recruiters of students of our department includes many top software companies like TCS, Wipro, HCL, SAP Labs, Tech Mahindra, Mahindra Satyam, IBM, Honeywell, HP, Capgemini, Payoda, Musigma, etc. Around 90% of our students get recruited in the top companies through campus recruitment.

Highlights of 2021

Department has got best Faculty members where 70% of faculties were Doctorates. Recently one of our Faculty Dr.P.Supraja  honoured with AICTE Visvesvaraya Best Teacher Award 2021, at New Delhi on Sept 5th 2021  Publications 2021 :  our faculty members have published 180 research papers in International Journals out of which 72 papers are Science Citation Index (SCI) with the highest impact factor of 7.104 and 108 papers are Scopus Indexed. For more details

12 Marque

104 Super Dream

241 Dream
 
288 Day Sharing

Faculty
Teaching environment and quality are central to SRMIST’s capabilities profile. Our Professors are the reason for our continued ability to foster vibrant and value adding learning experiences for our students. The success of our students’ in terms of their learning and overall development enabled by our faculty members is an area of focus of Leadership at SRMIST. Many opportunities are provided to our faculty members to conduct research and engage with the industry in consultancy and other projects. This platform brings to our faculty members an opportunity to expand their knowledge contribution as well as bring those rich experiential inputs to the classrooms and labs therefore benefiting our students

Faculty Members
Research & Consultancy
Research in the department focuses on creating and evaluating innovative learning experiences, inspired by educational principles and technical progress. The key areas of research of the faculty members include semantic web, data mining, software reliability, wireless sensor networks, network security, big data analytics and cloud computing.  Students are motivated to pursue multi-disciplinary research projects on long term basis jointly with other department students. Faculty members are provided with sabbatical to carry out their research work.

Collaborative Initiatives
The department plays a pivotal role in academic collaboration with NEC-Japan, Society of Electronic Transactions and Security (SETS). The department also has academic pacts with EMC2 through academic alliance program. Dell, Microsoft, CISCO, TCS, Symantec, Mahindra Satyam, IBM and ORACLE are other corporate giants with which our department has collaborations for the benefit of students to carry out internships and project work.

Patents
Our faculty members had taken a step forward to achieve this by publishing patents on representing various societal issues like Smart speaker system for Agriculture, Smart pillow for Children Monitoring system, Smart watch for Virus detection etc. Nodal Centre for ISRO-IIRS, AICTE Internships initiated by Dr.L.Anand now Students and faculty members of SRMIST can apply for Internship and attend live & Interactive courses conducted by ISRO-IIRS and apply for more than 1,00,000/ internships which is offered by AICTE tie up with top notch companies. Exclusive Placement cell based on Department Specialization.


Infrastructure::
The department has recently setup a private cloud infrastructure and 60% of the labs are virtualized, to have flexibility and efficient utilization of available systems. A state of the art, “Data Analytics lab” was setup in collaboration with EMC2 to carry out projects and research on Big Data.

Cisco Lab
Cyber Forensics
Data Analytics Lab
Data Structures Lab
Embedded Systems Lab
Hardware and Troubleshooting Lab
Integrative Programming Lab
IT Lab
Object Oriented Programming Lab
Open Source Technologies Lab
RDBMS Lab
SRM-NEC Collaborative Research Lab
Visual Programming Lab
Web Systems Lab
Contact Us

Department Of Networking And Communications
Tech Park, SRM Institute of Science and Technology,
Kattankulathur – 603203

044 27417821/044 27417861
hod.nwc.ktr@srmist.edu.in

Admin:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

colege name: CSH

Department of English:

About The Department:

The Department of English had a petite yet vivid start in 2003 by offering General English course to the Department of B.Sc. Biotechnology. Now the department has enhanced and burgeoned, extending its support to twenty-one other Disciplines. In October 2018, the P.G. and Research Department of English was established.

The diverse faculty members of the department consistently enrich themselves through other academic activities such as conducting seminars, symposium, conferences, workshops, presenting papers and publishing articles. The Board of Studies meeting will be conducted once in three years. The department invites highly qualified and experienced academicians to revise the syllabus to enhance the knowledge of students on the contemporary view of the society. The current syllabus is set with the objective of catering the students of all the boards. The syllabus is equally balanced with Literature and Language.

In 2007, the department organised a state level workshop on “Grooming Graduates for the Job Market”. In 2008, a workshop on “Poetry Writing; a state level seminar on Attitude Skill and Knowledge-The Art of Leadership” was conducted. A state level seminar on Lingua Franca in 2009, and a National Level Conference on Linguistic Imperialism in 2011 was conducted. An Invited talk on “The History of English Literature and Overview” and a workshop on “Ventriloquism” was held on 2020. In 2021, a workshop on “Research Methodology” was conducted and in 2022, a one-day workshop on Bloom’s Revised Taxonomy was successfully conducted by the department.

The department extends its inimitable service through its interdisciplinary and creative program. To enhance and hone the creative instinct of the students the department often invites distinguished authors who offer intensive workshops each term in fiction, poetry, nonfiction, screenwriting, playwriting, and television writing.

The Research program of the Department provides an immersion experience in which students engage in substantive humanities and arts- based research designed exclusively for the need of the hour of this era.


2003 in Established

8 Faculty & Staff

161 Students

121 Publications

2 Patent (Published)

3 Ph.D (Awarded)



Dr. K. Shanthichitra
Head/Associate Professor
Welcome Message
Welcome to the faculty of English, CSH, SRMIST. SRM’s English department has long been a driving force in the academic study of literature and an integral aspect of SRMIST’s teaching mission. The Department of English educates the majority of CSH, SRMIST freshman, graduates over 21 majors in every CSH class, and trains PhDs in English who go on to become scholars and teachers of literature. Over the years, many PhDs have progressed to positions of leadership in the academic community.

SRMIST English Department has a long history of outstanding publications highlighted by intellectual variety and conceptual inventiveness. The Department now reflects a diverse spectrum of scholarly and critical viewpoints on British literature and literary and cultural history. The strength of the English course is the way it strikes a balance between a solid foundation in the fundamentals of the discipline and the possibility to specialise and create.

We are indeed a diverse group of faculties who are all dedicated to providing the finest possible education and research. We have a big number of erudite teams of researchers working on major cultural and societal issues, the answers to which will have a

Programs Offered

Undergraduate
The Department of English (CSH) offers undergraduate programme based on world-class syllabus. The curriculum helps students to understand life through literature and language. The syllabus inculcates moral and ethical values through literature and philosophy. It also helps students to identify their skills and enhance their knowledge with creativity.

Campus
Kattankulathur (KTR)
Sanctioned Intake
40
Annual Fees
INR 45,000
Duration
3 Years

Postgraduate
The Department of English (CSH) offers postgraduate programme with the curriculum unique and multidimensional. It provides space for the students to explore the new spectrums in Literature and Language. The syllabus is designed with the metrics of research as it helps students to enhance themselves with the knowledge of incorporating methodology, exploration, and interpretation in the field of research. The post-graduation provides a platform for the young minds to comprehend research.

Campus
Kattankulathur (KTR)
Sanctioned Intake
40
Annual Fees
INR 40,000
Duration
2 Years

Research
The Department of English gives absolute freedom for the research scholars to do research in their respective field. The Research Supervisors in the department energises the young research scholars to do genuine research. The institution provides research room, discussion room, ebrary, library, archives and stipend for the 



Faculty
Teaching environment and quality are central to SRMIST’s capabilities profile. Our Professors are the reason for our continued ability to foster vibrant and value adding learning experiences for our students. The success of our students’ in terms of their learning and overall development enabled by our faculty members is an area of focus of Leadership at SRMIST. Many opportunities are provided to our faculty members to conduct research and engage with the industry in consultancy and other projects. This platform brings to our faculty members an opportunity to expand their knowledge contribution as well as bring those rich experiential inputs to the classrooms and labs therefore benefiting our students.



Department Of English
Department of English

College of Science and Humanities

044-2743 4051
hod.doe.ktr@srmist.edu.in

Admin::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

Deparment of Bio technology

About The Department

The Department of Biotechnology, CSH, SRMIST, was established in the year 2003, with the objective of creating a research-oriented division with inter- disciplinary ideas and has emerged as a hub for state-of-the-art research in the field of Biotechnology. It is committed to imparting a holistic education for the development of students to excel in higher education and research. The Department has a strong commitment to excellence in undergraduate and postgraduate education and offers B.Sc. M.Sc. and PhD programs in Biotechnology. It also offers a flexible curriculum that puts an emphasis on both theoretical and hands-on experience for the students. The Department consists of nine research supervisors who are carrying out cutting edge research in various fields of Biotechnology like stem cell biology, molecular immunology, microbiology, neurogenetics, animal biotechnology, and plant biotechnology. It takes pride in sending-  students for the semester abroad program (SAP) to reputed universities worldwide and  encourages students to perform research related activities from the undergraduate level. The Department organizes workshops and FDPs regularly to keep abreast with the latest advancements in Biotechnology and is constantly striving for excellence in teaching and research.

Research details:

https://www.srmist.edu.in/department/department-of-biotechnology-science-and-humanities/research/



Dr. D. Sankari
Associate Professor and Head
Welcome Message
The Department of Biotechnology which offers B.Sc. Biotechnology, B.S. Biotechnology, M.Sc. Biotechnology and Ph.D. programmes were started in 2003 with an intake of 80 students in the undergraduate program and 25 students at the postgraduate level. Currently, the combined program has 265 students with 11 dedicated and qualified faculty members assisted by 2 technical staff members. The faculty members along with 27 Ph.D. scholars and 1 PDF are actively involved in research in thrust areas of Biotechnology. The department has six well established laboratories with all sophisticated equipment. Students have been sent through the Student Abroad Program (SAP) to Uppsala University, Umea University, the National University of Singapore (NUS), and the University of Malaysia, Pahang. The Department periodically organizes conferences, workshops, and seminars on recent trends and innovations in Biotechnology. The Department has an excellent track record in placement with its postgraduate students taking up positions within India and globally.



Programs Offered

Undergraduate
The undergraduate program imparts students with mastery in the field of Biotechnology

B.Sc. Biotechnology
Duration : 3 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 85,000

BS in Biotechnology
Duration : 4 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 95,000

Postgraduate
The department's ranges of postgraduate programs include core courses as well as elective, independent study.

Campus
Kattankulathur (KTR)
Sanctioned Intake
60
Annual Fees
INR 100,000
Duration
2 Years

Placement
The Department of Biotechnology has produced more than 1800 students over the years. The students have been placed in various industries with able guidance from the Placement and Career Center of SRMIST. The department has a faculty member coordinating the placement activities with the placement cell. The primary job of the placement coordinator includes acting as a point of contact between the Placement and Career center and the students of the department and also mentoring the students and providing them with guidance in choosing the right career path.

Faculty
Teaching environment and quality are central to SRMIST’s capabilities profile. Our Professors are the reason for our continued ability to foster vibrant and value adding learning experiences for our students. The success of our students in terms of their learning and overall development enabled by our faculty members is an area of focus of Leadership at SRMIST. Many opportunities are provided to our faculty members to conduct research and engage with the industry in consultancy and other projects. This platform brings our faculty members an opportunity to expand their knowledge contribution as well as bring those rich experiential inputs to the classrooms and labs, therefore, benefiting our students.



Infrastructure
Molecular Biology Laboratory
Bioprocess Technology Laboratory
Plant tissue culture laboratory
Animal Biotechnology Laboratory
UG General Laboratory
PG and Research Laboratory



Admin:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

Departmnet of tamil

About The Department
About The Department
The Department of Tamil was started in 2003 to offer General Tamil as an optional language to 60 students of B.Sc Biotechnology. In the period of nine years it has grown to offer General Tamil course to all the First Year under-graduate students of the Faculty of Science and Humanities. Currently it offers the optional language course to ten departments namely, B.Com, B.B.A, B.Sc Visual Communication, B.Sc Computer Sciences, B.Sc Bio-technology, B.sc Information Technology, Bachelors of Integrated Science and Management, B.A Journalism and Mass Communication, B.Sc Computer Science and Technology, Bachelors’s in Computer Application, and B.Sc Bio-technology and Bio-informatics.

2003
Established

5
Faculty & Staff

80
+
Publications

11
Ph.D (Awarded)

1
Patent(Published)


Dr. B. Jaiganesh
Head of the Department

Programs Offered

Undergraduate
Tamil language was introduced in 2003 in the Department of Tamil. It offers Tamil-I & Tamil-II for the B.Sc.B.A.,B.Com courses through their bachelor’s degree curriculum.


Postgraduate
Our program is designed for those who want to advance their understanding of the Tamil language, literature, and culture. The program is structured to provide students with a comprehensive understanding of Tamil language and literature, as well as the ability to conduct independent research.

M.A. Tamil
Duration : 2 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 15,000 | Intake : 30



Ph.D in Tamil
Duration : 3-5 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 30,000

Eligibility For M.A. Tamil
The aspiring students applying for the M.A.TAMIL should have PASSED a B.A.Tamil, B.Lit. Tamil OR Bachelor’s degree in any discipline (Students Possessing Bachelor’s degree in any other disciplines must have studied Tamil as the Mandatory subject at the Part 1 level for TWO YEARS) from any recognized Indian or foreign university with an aggregate of 50% of marks in the qualifying examination.

Research
PhD program in Tamil with the following Research areas: Grammar, Ancient & Modern Literature, Grammar & Literature Commentaries, Lexicography, Archaeology, Tamil Diaspora, Comparative Tamil literature, Tamil Drama, Tamil Journalism...

Faculty
Teaching environment and quality are central to SRMIST’s capabilities profile. Our Professors are the reason for our continued ability to foster vibrant and value adding learning experiences for our students. The success of our students’ in terms of their learning and overall development enabled by our faculty members is an area of focus of Leadership at SRMIST. Many opportunities are provided to our faculty members to conduct research and engage with the industry in consultancy and other projects. This platform brings to our faculty members an opportunity to expand their knowledge contribution as well as bring those rich experiential inputs to the classrooms and labs therefore benefiting our students.

Faculty Members


Department Of Tamil
Department Of TAMIL
Fourth Floor, College of Science and Humanities , SRM Institute of Science and Technology,
Kattankulathur – 603203

044 2743 4041
hod.tamil.ktr@srmist.edu.in



Admin:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::


Department of commerce


About The Department
The Department of Commerce has been in existence for more than a decade, as a department, it’s been recognized as an esteemed member for the major contributing role in the growth and development of the College of Science and Humanities. With just 21 students in 2005, the department has seen tremendous growth over a decade accommodating more than 951 students in the field of commerce through various courses namely B. Com (Gen, ISM, Hons) and M.com and Research.

A dynamic curriculum in consonance with academics and industry experts provides the students with opportunities to master new skills and explore diverse perspectives. Apart from the conventional classroom setup, SRM emphasis on practical learning as students partakes in case studies, sessions with industry experts, live projects, etc. The institute’s thrust on meaningful research is evident through the credentials and accomplishments of its faculty that has publications Scopus listed journals of repute. In a short span of time, SRM has strengthened its position in the corporate world, with its students contributing to the illustrious business organizations of the country.

The distinct way of the education system; gives a prominence concern not only on academics but also to the all-inclusive development of individuals. Where the reach on learning exposure is highly appraised by distinct ways, like industrial visits to various institutions and also through co-curricular activities which are organised by student association of the department known as Merx-Mercis, which host clubs and events to portray the potential and to exhibit the talent of each student.



22
Faculty & Staff

950
+
Students


Dr. S. Tamilarasi
Head of the Department
Welcome Message
The Department of Commerce has consistently improved its academic, research, and placement success. It provides a variety of innovatively created programmes, with curricula that are continually updated to meet the changing needs of the industry and main stakeholders. Students are encouraged to participate in Internships, Micro Projects as part of their curriculum to enhance their academic knowledge with real-world experience and are motivated to conduct and participate in events and get involved in activities of social relevance. With such inputs, our students are hardworking, practical-oriented, and effective in any work environment. The distinguished faculty members combine their academic excellence and real-world experience with dedication and commitment. I welcome you to be a part of our journey towards being a world-class centre of excellence in education and research.


Programs Offered

Undergraduate
The undergraduate program imparts students with mastery in the field of commerce.




B.Com Commerce
Duration : 3 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 85,000

Semester-I

Tamil – I / Hindi - I / French - I
ULE20AE1T-English
UCM20101J-Financial Accounting
UCM20102J-Business Organization and Management
UCM20103J-Economics for Business
Fundamentals in Stock Market / E – Business
Business Communication / Office Management
UCD20S01L-Soft Skills

SEMESTER - II

Tamil – II / Hindi – II / French – II
UCM20201J-corporate Accounting
UCM20202J-Banking Theory Law and Practice
UCM20203J-International Business
Elements of Insurance / Technology in Banking
Company Law / Retail Marketing
UCD20S02L-Quantitative Aptitude and Reasoning
UJK20201L-Communication Skills
NSS / NSS / NSO / YOGA


SEMESTER - III

UCM20301J-Cost Accounting
UCM20302J-Income Tax Law and Practice
UMS20301T-Statistics for Business
Marketing Management / Advertising and Brand Management / Logistics and Supply Chain Management


SEMESTER - IV

UCM20401J-Management Accounting
UCM20402J-Tax Procedure and Practice
UMS20401T-Quantitative Techniques for Business Decision

SEMESTER - V

UCM20501J-Financial Management
UCM20502J-Business Research Methods
Human Resource Management / Intellectual Property Rights (IPR) / E-Governance
UES20AE1T-Environmental Studies
UJK20501T-Leadership and Management Skills


SEMESTER - VI

UCM20601L-Auditing Theory and Practices
UCM20602L-Event Marketing
Project Work / Dissertation / Semester Internship



Eligibility For B.Com Commerce: 

10 + 2 (Higher Secondary) with Commerce, Accountancy . (Minimum Aggregate of 50%)


B.Com Information System and Management
Duration : 3 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 55,000


Syllabus
SEMESTER - I


Tamil – I / Hindi - I / French - I
ULE20AE1T-English
UIS20101J-Basics of Accounting
UCM20102J-Business Organization and Management
UIS20102J-Information Technology
Fundamentals in Stock Market / E – Business
Business Communication / Office Management
UCD20S01L-Soft Skills

SEMESTER - II

Tamil – II / Hindi – II / French - II
UIS20201J-Basics of Company Accounts
UCM20202J-Banking Theory Law and Practice
UIS20202J-Management Information System
Elements of Insurance / Technology in Banking
Company Law / Retail Marketing
UCD20S02L-Quantitative Aptitude and Reasoning
UJK20201L-Communication Skills


SEMESTER - III

UCM20301J-Cost Accounting
UCM20302J-Income Tax Law and Practice
UMS20301T-Statistics for Business
Java Programming / Internet Concepts / Multimedia Design
Business Law / Customer Relationship Management
UMI20S01L-My India Project
UJK20301T-Universal Human Values

SEMESTER - IV

UCM20401J-Management Accounting
UCM20402J-Tax Procedure and Practice
UMS20401T-Quantitative Techniques for Business Decision
Scripting Language / Database Management System / Software Engineering
Industrial Training / Seminar
UIS20G03L-MOOC Course
UJK20401T-Professional Skills

SEMESTER - V

UIS20501J-Python Programming
UCM20502J-Business Research Methods
Human Resource Management / Intellectual Property Rights (IPR) / E-Governance
UJK20501T-Leadership and Management Skills
UES20AE1T-Environmental Studies



SEMESTER - VI

UCM20601L-Auditing Theory and Practices
UIS20601L-Event Marketing
Project Work / Dissertation / Semester Internship




B.Com. (Hons) International Accounting & Finance
Duration : 3 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 1,30,000

SEMESTER - I

Tamil – I / Hindi - I / French – I
ULE20AE1T-English
UIA20101T-Accountant in Business
UIA20102J-Financial Accounting for Business
UIA20103T-Fundamentals of Cost Accounting
Fundamentals in Stock Market / E – Business
Business Communication / Office Management
UCD20S01L-Soft Skills

SEMESTER - II

Tamil – II / Hindi- II / French – II
UIA20201J-Management Accounting
UIA20202T-Financial Reporting
UIA20203T-Audit and Assurance
Elements of Insurance / Technology in Banking
Company Law / Company Law
UCD20S02L-Quantitative Aptitude and Reasoning
UJK20201L-Communication Skills
NSS / NCC / NSO / YOGA


SEMESTER - III

UIA20301J-Performance Management
UCM20302J-Income Tax Law and Practice
UMS20301T-Statistics for Business

SEMESTER - IV

UIA20401J-Financial Management
UIA20402J-Advanced Performance Management
UMS20401T-Quantitative Technique for Business Decision
Entrepreneurial Development / Rural Entrepreneurship and Small Business Management / Financial Services
Industrial Training / Seminar
UIA20G03L-MOOC Course
UJK20401T-Professional Skills


SEMESTER - V

UIA20501J-Strategic Business Leader
UIA20502J-Strategic Business Reporting
Human Resource Management / Intellectual Property Rights / E-GOVERNANCE
UES20AE1T-Environmental Studies
UJK20501T-Leadership and Management Skills

SEMESTER - VI

UIA20601J-Advanced Financial Management
UIA20602L-Event Marketing


B.Com. (Hons) Professional Accounting
Duration : 3 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 1,30,000

SEMESTER - I

Tamil – I / Hindi - I / English - I
ULE20AE1T-English
UPA20101T-Fundamentals of Accounting
UPA20102J-Management Accounting I
UPA20103T-Fundamentals of Cost Accounting
Fundamentals in Stock Market / E – Business
Business Communication / Office Management
UCD20S01L-Soft Skills


SEMESTER - II

Tamil - II / Hindi- II / French - II
UPA20201T-Financial Reporting
UPA20202J-Management Accounting II
UPA20203T-Risk Management
Elements of Insurance / Technology in Banking
Company Law / Retail Marketing
UCD20S02L-Quantitative Aptitude and Reasoning
UJK20201L-Communication Skills
NSS / NCC / NSO / YOGA

SEMESTER - III

UPA20301J-Advanced Financial Reporting
Advanced Financial Reporting
Income Tax Law and Practice
UMS20301T-Statistics for Business
Marketing Management / Advertising and Brand Management / Logistics and Supply Chain Management
Business Law / Customer Relationship Management
UMI20S01L-My India Project
UJK20301T-Universal Human Values

SEMESTER - IV

UPA20401J-Advanced Management Accounting
UCM20402J-Tax Procedure and Practice
UMS20401T-Quantitative Technique for Business Decision
Entrepreneurial Development / Rural Entrepreneurship and Small Business Management / Financial Services
Industrial Training / Seminar
UPA20G03L-MOOC Course
UJK20401T-Professional Skills

SEMESTER - V

UPA20501J-Strategic Management
UCM20502J-Business Research Methods
Human Resource Management / Intellectual Property Rights / E-Governance
UES20AE1T-Environmental Studies
UJK20501T-Leadership and Management Skills

SEMESTER - VI

UPA20601J-Financial Strategy
UPA20602L-Event Marketing
Project Work / Dissertation / Semester Internship




Postgraduate
The department's ranges of postgraduate programs include core courses as well as elective, independent study.

Campus
Kattankulathur (KTR)
Sanctioned Intake
30
Annual Fees
40,000
Duration
2 Years

SEMESTER - I

PCM21101J-Advanced Accounting
PCM21102T-Corporate Governance and Ethics
PCM21103L-Event Management
Financial Institutions and Markets /Human Resource Analytics/Global Strategic Management
PCM21S01J-Entrepreneurial Skill Development
PCM21AE1T-Project Management
PCD21AE1T-Professional Skills and Problem Solving


SEMESTER - II

PCM21201J-Cost and Management Accounting
PCM21202T-International Marketing
PCM21203L-Research and Publication Ethics
Advertising and Sales Management/Logistics and Supply Chain Management/Audit and Assurance
PCM21S02J-Business Research Methods
PCM21AE2T-Goods and Services Tax
PCD21AE2T-General Aptitude for Competitive Examination

SEMESTER - III

PCM21301J-Tax Procedure and Planning
Entrepreneurship Management / EXIM - Procedures and Documentation / Forensic Accounting and Fraud Management
Financial Management and Policy / Corporate Law / Brand Management
PCM21AE3T-Intellectual Property Rights
PCD21AE3T-Employability Skills
PCM21P01L-MOOC
PCM21S03L-Mini Project Work


SEMESTER - IV

PCM21P02L-Project


Eligibility For M.Com Commerce
Any UG degree with Accountancy and Commerce as Major course (B.Com. any stream, BBM, BCS and BBA) (Minimum Aggregate of 50%)

Diploma:

Diploma in Financial Managemnet
Duration : 11 Months | Annual Fees : ₹ 15,000

Ph.D
The Ph.D. program in Commerce has been specially designed to cater to the scholarly needs

Certificate Programs
Tally with GST, Tax Filing, SPSS and AMOS, Entrepreneurship Development

Research
A Ph.D. degree signifies that you have attained the greatest level of competence in your field of study. Pursuing a Ph.D. is all about creating fresh knowledge, discovering new things, developing new skills, and imparting the learned knowledge to others. The Department of Commerce offers research courses to Ph.D. students. The students can apply to be part-time external, part-time internal, or full-time research scholars. There are more than 33 research scholars doing their Ph.D.’s under established faculties in our department.

 

Research Scholars & Supervisors

Placement
Students pursuing their career in the Department of Commerce have plenty of Job opportunities in key areas like banking, entrepreneurship, international programs, State and Central Government Jobs, business communities, and so on. Some of our placement companies include ICICI, HDFC, CTS, Infosys, RBS, Goldman Sacs, Mckinsey, and so on.

Faculty
Teaching environment and quality are central to SRMIST’s capabilities profile. Our Professors are the reason for our continued ability to foster vibrant and value adding learning experiences for our students. The success of our students’ in terms of their learning and overall development enabled by our faculty members is an area of focus of Leadership at SRMIST. Many opportunities are provided to our faculty members to conduct research and engage with the industry in consultancy and other projects. This platform brings our faculty members an opportunity to expand their knowledge contribution as well as bring those rich experiential inputs to the classrooms, and labs, therefore benefiting our students.

Faculty Members
Gallery
Infrastructure
The department has 21 lecture halls to accommodate 20 classes. The lecture halls provide all the necessary facilities for the students. The four-floor building has an elevator and high-class ventilation facilities. A seminar hall is also available for students to attend and conduct various seminars and workshops. 2 computer labs are available which can accommodate more than 50 students at once.

The Department of Commerce maintains and grows library collections so that users can find the materials that support their learning and research. At present, our library has 170 books from various fields and research souvenirs to enrich research interests. Since the core mission of establishing a department, the library is to ensure the students are benefited from the ample materials and reference books, and hence our students are encouraged to borrow books from the department library for reference.

 

Contact Us

Department Of Commerce
SRM Nagar, Kattankulathur – 603203
Chengalpattu District, Tamil Nadu

044- 27455756 Extn:4151
email@srmist.edu.in


Admin ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

BBA Digital Marketing:

BBA in Digital Marketing is a three-year program is designed to create technology driven managers, leaders and entrepreneurs to handle the contemporary and dynamic changes of businesses. This program provides an opportunity to learn subjects related with business administration with industrial exposure specifically in the field of digital marketing.

Campus
Kattankulathur (KTR)
Sanctioned Intake
45
Annual Fees
105,000
Duration
3 Years

Syllabus link:
https://www.srmist.edu.in/program/b-b-a-digital-marketing/


Eligibility For B.B.A. Digital Marketing
Any student having passed the qualifying exam (10+2) with 50% and above is eligible for BBA and BBA (Digital Marketing)
Any student having passed the qualifying exam (10+2) with 60% and above is eligible for BBA(Honours)
* Please refer the admissions portal


M.B.A. Digital Marketing
Digital marketing created a revolution in the marketing by effectively reaching the large number of consumers than the traditional marketing practice. Social media marketing is the trending tool in the digital marketing. Today both Rural and Urban consumers are using social media due to penetration of internet, technology revolution of smart phones and internet availability at affordable price. MBA in Digital Marketing, a two-year program, is designed to equip the students to understand the key social media platforms such as Facebook, Twitter, Google+, Instagram, Google Analytics, Blogging, Linkedin, and Youtube. It also teaches the potential use of website contents, effectively using SEO strategies, understanding of search engines, and the various analytics tools and techniques to create competitive advantage on the online market. Students pursuing this program learns the various domain of business like HR, Finance and Systems in their I year of study before learning subjects of DM inII year.

Campus
Kattankulathur (KTR)
Sanctioned Intake
30
Annual Fees
INR 3,85,000
Duration
2 Year

syllabus link: https://www.srmist.edu.in/program/m-b-a-digital-marketing/

Eligibility For M.B.A. Digital Marketing
Undergraduates from any discipline with 60% & above in the qualifying examination and looking for a career in Management can apply.
Any applicant with an above par score in the below mentioned management competitive entrance exams will be considered, for admission to the College of Management. These exams are CAT, MAT, XAT, GMAT, NMAT, CMAT, TANCET. In case, neither are available, SRMJEE-M (conducted by SRM COM) is a must.
Students in their final year of UG study can also apply.
* Please refer the admissions portal



Admin:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

Hotel and Catering Mangemnet:

About The Department
The importance of competent hoteliers is increasing with each passing day as five star hotels and resorts spring up around the country and chefs are feted at international events. SRM Institute of Hotel Management (IHM) has been offering quality hospitality education and training for more than a decade.

SRM Institute of Hotel Management is the only one of its kind with a fully operational super deluxe star hotel set amidst scenic ambience spread around 5 acres. The institute has two branches:

The SRM Hotel pvt Ltd, Chennai, ideally located on the National Highway, has easy access to industrial areas and tourist sights. It caters 50 well furnished rooms to its patrons including reputed industries like Ford India Ltd, Visteon, Hyundai Motor India Ltd, Spel Semiconductors, Ucal Fuel Systems, JPSL, JBM Krupp as well as pilgrims and tourists to the region. The hotel educates 1500 students per year, exposing them to valuable hands on practical experience.

SRM Hotel Pvt. Ltd, Trichy has 120 well-equipped rooms. The college offers degree and diploma courses in Hotel and Catering Management to around 400 students every year.

Institute Of Hotel And Catering Management
Infrastructure
24
Faculty & Staff

1900
+
Students


Mr. Ganesh Moorthy
Head of the Department
Welcome Message
Programs Offered

Undergraduate
SRM Institute of Hotel Management (IHM) has been offering quality hospitality education and training for more than a decade.

B.Sc. Hotel & Catering Management (Lateral Entry in 3rd Sem.)
Duration : 2 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 80,000

Diploma:

Diploma in Hotel Management and Catering Science
Duration : 3 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 55,000

PG Diploma

Duration : 1 Year 6 Months | Annual Fees : ₹ RS. 1,20,000/- ( GENERAL ) * RS. 1,00,000/-( SRMIHM STUDENTS )

PG Diploma Hotel & Catering Management (Lateral Entry in 3rd Sem.)
Annual Fees : ₹ * RS. 1,20,000/- ( GENERAL ) * RS. 1,00,000/-( SRMIHM STUDENTS )
Placement
Placement Record

Placement Record

Faculty
Teaching environment and quality are central to SRMIST’s capabilities profile. Our Professors are the reason for our continued ability to foster vibrant and value adding learning experiences for our students. The success of our students’ in terms of their learning and overall development enabled by our faculty members is an area of focus of Leadership at SRMIST. Many opportunities are provided to our faculty members to conduct research and engage with the industry in consultancy and other projects. This platform brings to our faculty members an opportunity to expand their knowledge contribution as well as bring those rich experiential inputs to the classrooms and labs therefore benefiting our students.

Faculty Members
Infrastructure
Ranked No:1 by several magazines SRMIHM boasts of extraordinary infrastructure. Apart from smart class rooms and audio video rooms SRMIHM also has well equipped kitchen labs.

The college has the following food production labs.

Advanced Training Kitchen Lab
Quantity Training Kitchen Lab
Basic Training Kitchen Lab – 2
Bakery lab
Confectionery lab
Each of these is well equipped and each one is different from one other regarding the set up and the requirements.

Advanced Training Kitchen Lab
Quantity Training Kitchen Lab
Basic Training Kitchen Lab
Bakery lab
Confectionery lab


Admin::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::






