                                                                          SRM University of 

Vision:
      " To emerge as a world class university in creating and disseminating knowledge, and providing students a unique learning experience in science, technology, medicine, management, and other areas of scholarship that will best serve the world and betterment of mankind".

SRMIST's engineering programs endeavor to be at the forefront of innovation. They also foster multi-disciplinary collaborations aimed at solving the most pressing global problems.

Our mission is to seek solutions to global challenges by using the power of engineering principles, techniques and systems. We believe that engineers should not only possess deep technical excellence, but also nurture creativity, cultural awareness and entrepreneurial skills that come from exposure to science, business, medicine and other disciplines – all integral part of the SRM experience.

Our goal is to deliver world class, solutions driven programs that inspire curiosity and generate new knowledge and discoveries. Our collaboration with over 50 of the world’s best universities and 215 corporates, strengthens our academic and research programs.


                                                                                                                                                                                   College of Engineering & Technology
                                                                                                                                                                                           Kattankulathur - Chennai.

College of Engineering & Technology
In The Words Of Our Founder & Chancellor

TECH-TOWER-1

SRMIST’s engineering programs endeavor to be at the forefront of innovation. They also foster multi-disciplinary collaborations aimed at solving the most pressing global problems.

Our mission is to seek solutions to global challenges by using the power of engineering principles, techniques and systems. We believe that engineers should not only possess deep technical excellence, but also nurture creativity, cultural awareness and entrepreneurial skills that come from exposure to science, business, medicine and other disciplines – all integral part of the SRM experience.

Our goal is to deliver world class, solutions driven programs that inspire curiosity and generate new knowledge and discoveries. Our collaboration with over 50 of the world’s best universities and 215 corporates, strengthens our academic and research programs.

More on CET

Department of Mathematics and Statistics:

Dr. T. V. Gopal
Dean – CET, Kattankulathur
E: dean.cet@srmist.edu.in

Department of Mathematics:

Associate Professor & Head In-Charge: Dr. V. Subburayan

Courses offered in undergraduate level:

B.S. Mathematics:
Duration : 4 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ 55,000

B.Sc. Mathematics:
Duration : 3 Years | Annual Fees : ₹ INR 45,000

B.Ed Mathematics:   
Annual Fees: INR 50,000
Duration : 2 Years
Sanctioned Intake: information not available

B.S Mathematics: 
Annual Fees: INR 55,000
Duration: 4 Years
Sanctioned Intake: 30

Courses offered in Postgraduate level:

M.Sc. Applied Mathematics & Data Analytics (Integrated):
Annual fees: Information not available 
Duration: 5 years
Sanctioned intake: Information not available 

M.Sc. Mathematics:

Annual Fees: INR 30,000
Duration : 2 Years
Sanctioned Intake: 50

Research (Ph.d) :

Associate Professor and Head : Dr. M.Shanmuga Sundari





